Many eukaryotic mRNAs are translated from the first AUG , but this is not always the case .
472 .
The bucolic suburban landscape of the early twentieth century has largely disappeared due to sprawl .
1195 .
4023 .
2259 .
4452 .
It is an absolute temperature scale defined to have 0 K at the lowest possible temperature , called absolute zero .
These frames are action - oriented .
5937 .
It is important to note that in our definition of money , it ischeckable deposits that are money , not the paper check or the debit card .
Those who express concern about immigration levels to the United States point to graphics like [ link ] which shows total inflows of immigrants decade by decade through the twentieth century .
The units for emf are volts , as is usual .
6316 .
When the federal government spends more money than it receives in taxes in a given year , it runs a budget deficit .
2004 .
These pre - miRNAs are chopped into mature miRNAs by a protein called dicer .
During the first episode , Colbert interviewed Ray Odierno , commanding general of the coalition forces stationed in Iraq .
1169 .
For example , if the teacher asks whether the children would rather have extra recess , no homework , or candy , once a few children vote , the rest will comply and go with the majority .
3410 .
The Americans with Disabilities Act ( ADA ) of 1990 states people may not be discriminated against due to the nature of their disability .
One megaspore mother cell , or megasporocyte , undergoes meiosis in each ovule .
In suspending the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus , Lincoln blurred the boundaries between acceptable dissent and unacceptable disloyalty .
A thermal hazard occurs when there is electrical overheating .
2011 .
4199 .
Scholars do n’t always agree on a single definition of capitalism .
Still other viruses , such as human herpesviruses 6 and 7 , which in some cases can cause the minor childhood disease roseola , often successfully cause productive infections without causing any symptoms at all in the host , and thus we say these patients have an asymptomatic infection .
1409 .
For example , Article II , Section 2 , provides the president the power to appoint officers and department heads .
This first American money was called Continental currency ; unfortunately , it quickly fell in value .
2070 .
6591 .
Known as the bottleneck effect , it results in a large portion of the genome suddenly being wiped out ( [ link ] ) .
1653 .
The social benefits of an innovation take into account the value of all the positive externalities of the new idea or product , whether enjoyed by other companies or society as a whole , as well as the private benefits received by the firm that developed the new technology .
The more energy that is lost by a system to its surroundings , the less ordered and more random the system is .
The connection between gay men and GRID — later renamed human immunodeficiency virus / autoimmune deficiency syndrome , or HIV / AIDS — led heterosexuals largely to ignore the growing health crisis in the gay community , wrongly assuming they were safe from its effects .
In 1996 , Congress passed and President Bill Clinton signed into law the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act , more commonly called the “ welfare reform act . ” The new law replaced AFDC with Temporary Assistance for Needy Families ( TANF ) .
7012 .
Chavez , Huerta , and the UFW proclaimed their solidarity with Filipino farm workers by joining them in a strike against grape growers in Delano , California , in 1965 .
In this perspective , psychotropic medications can help improve the symptoms associated with these disorders .
Other institutions , such as the National Academy of Scientists and the National Academy of Engineers , receive federal grants for innovative projects .
After the Civil War , Republicans , the party of Lincoln , were viewed as the party that had freed the slaves .
For example , there may be cases in which religion , national origin , age , and sex are bona fide occupational qualifications .
For example , phosphatases are enzymes that remove the phosphate group attached to proteins by kinases in a process called dephosphorylation .
A detrital food web consists of a base of organisms that feed on decaying organic matter ( dead organisms ) , called decomposers or detritivores .
Historically , this job has included what some have affectionately called “ bringing home the bacon ” but what many ( usually those outside the district in question ) call pork - barrel politics .
Note that because only the ratio I2 / I1 I2 / I1 is given ( and not the actual intensities ) , this result is true for any intensities that differ by a factor of two .
The cost of investment thus includes the interest rate .
4717 .
Different episodes of monetary policy during this period are indicated in the figure .
However , as the government budget deficit increases , the demand curve for financial capital shifts from D0 to D1 .
A perfectly competitive firm has only one major decision to make — namely , what quantity to produce .
The Ninth Amendment guarantees that liberties extend beyond those described in the preceding documents .
1224 .
To head the expedition into the Louisiana territory , Jefferson appointed his friend and personal secretary , twenty - nine - year - old army captain Meriwether Lewis , who was instructed to form a Corps of Discovery .
Foraminiferans , or forams , are unicellular heterotrophic protists , ranging from approximately 20 micrometers to several centimeters in length , and occasionally resembling tiny snails ( [ link ] ) .
Active transport mechanisms require the use of the cell ’s energy , usually in the form of adenosine triphosphate ( ATP ) .
Increasingly over time , presidents have made more use of their unilateral powers , including executive orders , rules that bypass Congress but still have the force of law if the courts do not overturn them .
6395 .
An antiporter also carries two different ions or molecules , but in different directions .
Like many aspects of quantum mechanics , this quantization of direction is totally unexpected .
It is formed by the hypothalamus and is stored and released from the posterior pituitary .
It is crucial , for example , in determining whether an object sinks or floats in a fluid .
A referendum asks citizens to confirm or repeal a decision made by the government .
3759 .
The resolves also called upon the formation of militias to be under the control of the Continental Congress .
” Kay Mills .
Of these children , 54 percent live with grandparents , 21 percent live with other relatives , and 24 percent live with nonrelatives .
If one firm cuts its price to $ 300 , it will be able to sell only 11,000 seats .
For instance , if a woman dreams about being chased by a snake , Freud might have argued that this represents the woman ’s fear of sexual intimacy , with the snake serving as a symbol of a man ’s penis .
GTAs have been shown to be responsible for genetic changes , sometimes at a very high frequency compared to other evolutionary processes .
Other institutions , such as the National Academy of Scientists and the National Academy of Engineers , receive federal grants for innovative projects .
Finally , some voters may view non - voting as a means of social protest or may see volunteering as a better way to spend their time .
Macromolecules are inactivated using enzymes such as proteases that break down proteins , and ribonucleases ( RNAses ) that break down RNA .
4963 .
In 1999 , Justice John Paul Stevens , writing for a majority of the Supreme Court , argued in Saenz v. Roe that the clause protects the right to travel from one state to another . Saenz v. Roe , 526 U.S. 489 ( 1999 ) .
6949 .
4390 .
All choices on the PPF in [ link ] , including A , B , C , D , and F , display productive efficiency .
Since the passage of the Social Security Indexing Act of 1972 , the level of Social Security benefits increases each year along with the Consumer Price Index .
4464 .
This is known as the Central Dogma of Life , which holds true for all organisms ; however , exceptions to the rule occur in connection with viral infections .
Leaves that do not have a petiole and are directly attached to the plant stem are called sessile leaves .
Because AD is volatile , it can easily fall .
In fact , at any above - equilibrium price , the quantity supplied exceeds the quantity demanded .
4580 .
Early geneticists called this linkage analysis .
The killed viral vaccines and subunit viruses are both incapable of causing disease .
Most macromolecules are made from single subunits , or building blocks , called monomers .
4384 .
When viewed through an electron microscope , ribosomes appear either as clusters ( polyribosomes ) or single , tiny dots that float freely in the cytoplasm .
This is distinctive from the PNS where a single Schwann cell provides myelin for only one axon as the entire Schwann cell surrounds the axon .
In the Battle of Bunker Hill ( [ link ] ) , on June 17 , the British launched three assaults on the hills , gaining control only after the rebels ran out of ammunition .
1980 .
983 .
However , as the extent of environmental protection increases , the cheap and easy ways of reducing pollution begin to decrease , and more costly methods must be used .
We typically envision civil liberties as being limitations on government power , intended to protect freedoms that governments may not legally intrude on .
Laminar flow is characterized by the smooth flow of the fluid in layers that do not mix .
The combination of less foreign investment capital and banks that are bankrupt can sharply reduce aggregate demand , which causes a deep recession .
During the early nineteenth century , reformers also interested themselves in the workings of the mind in an effort to better understand the effects of a rapidly changing world awash with religious revivals and democratic movements .
Presbyopia is a deficit similar to a different type of farsightedness called hyperopia caused by an eyeball that is too short .
Popular culture events might include a parade , a baseball game , or the season finale of a television show .
When , for example , current through a coil is increased , the magnetic field and flux also increase , inducing a counter emf , as required by Lenz ’s law .
The life cycle of frogs , as other amphibians , consists of two distinct stages : the larval stage followed by metamorphosis to an adult stage .
In a budget constraint line , the quantity of one good is measured on the horizontal axis and the quantity of the other good is measured on the vertical axis .
It ’s hard to imagine that the 2000 presidential election could have been even more complicated than it was , but thanks to that seemingly innocuous rule in Article II of the Constitution , that was a real possibility .
In the financial capital market , before a bank makes a loan , it requires a prospective borrower fill out forms regarding the sources of income ; in addition , the bank conducts a credit check on the individual ’s past borrowing .
Midterm elections are held because all members of the House of Representatives and one - third of the senators come up for reelection every two years .
5515 .
In the same year , the Clean Air Act was enacted to address air pollution .
84 , argued that the Constitution was “ merely intended to regulate the general political interests of the nation , ” rather than to concern itself with “ the regulation of every species of personal and private concerns . ”
6965 .
Specific heat is defined as the amount of heat one gram of a substance must absorb or lose to change its temperature by one degree Celsius .
This results in a reduction in the strength of the Coulomb interaction .
An interview is a one - on - one conversation between the researcher and the subject , and it is a way of conducting surveys on a topic .
The tongue helps in swallowing — moving the bolus from the mouth into the pharynx .
3710 .
Businesses supply goods and services based on demand .
We use semantics and syntax to construct language .
2266 .
2528 .
from some states , but it has been supported by the Supreme Court so far .
In the election , Harding defeated Governor James Cox of Ohio by the greatest majority in the history of two - party politics : 61 percent of the popular vote .
Also , we noted earlier that stress hormones released during hypothalamic - pituitary - adrenal ( HPA ) axis activation can adversely impact immune function .
The Importance of Potential GDP in the Long Run
A random sample is a subset of a larger population in which every member of the population has an equal chance of being selected .
But while a current in a circuit needs a complete path , an antenna has a varying charge distribution forming a standing wave , driven by the AC .
742 .
The term popular culture refers to the pattern of cultural experiences and attitudes that exist in mainstream society .
Secondary sexual characteristics are physical signs of sexual maturation that do not directly involve sex organs , such as development of breasts and hips in girls , and development of facial hair and a deepened voice in boys .
5012 .
4454 .
Spongy bone is made of tiny plates called trabeculae these plates serve as struts to give the spongy bone strength .
These brothers run Koch Industries , a multinational corporation that manufactures and produces a number of products including paper , plastics , petroleum - based products , and chemicals .
The total energy conversion rate of a person at rest is called the basal metabolic rate ( BMR ) and is divided among various systems in the body , as shown in [ link ] .
5070 .
Economists note that over most periods , the inflation level in prices is roughly similar to the inflation level in wages , and so they reason that , on average , over time , people ’s economic status is not greatly changed by inflation .
This group included the managers , salesmen , engineers , doctors , accountants , and other salaried professionals who still worked for a living , but were significantly better educated and compensated than the working - class poor .
In August 2009 , many members of the U.S. Congress used their summer recess to return to their home districts and hold town hall - style meetings to discuss President Obama ’s proposed changes to the U.S. healthcare system .
Time dilation is the phenomenon of time passing slower for an observer who is moving relative to another observer .
These are the fields above which the material begins to break down and conduct .
5009 .
1522 .
It mathematically states the cause and effect relationship between force and changes in motion .
5628 .
4350 .
4502 .
The Q molecule is lipid soluble and freely moves through the hydrophobic core of the membrane .
But in the real world , even if the number of job seekers is equal to the number of job vacancies , it takes time to find out about new jobs , to interview and figure out if the new job is a good match , or perhaps to sell a house and buy another in proximity to a new job .
The tail of the vector is the starting point of the vector , and the head ( or tip ) of a vector is the final , pointed end of the arrow . Head - to - Tail Method : The head - to - tail method of graphically adding vectors is illustrated for the two displacements of the person walking in a city considered in [ link ] .
The intertidal zone , which is the zone between high and low tide , is the oceanic region that is closest to land ( [ link ] ) .
The wheel ’s rotational motion is exactly analogous to the fact that the motorcycle ’s large translational acceleration produces a large final velocity , and the distance traveled will also be large . Kinematics is the description of motion .
The Revolution of 1800 refers to the first transfer of power from one party to another in American history , when the presidency passed to Democratic - Republican Thomas Jefferson ( [ link ] ) in the 1800 election .
Some of these reasons include protecting sensitive industries , for humanitarian reasons , and protecting against dumping .
6332 .
An organism ’s underlying genetic makeup , consisting of both physically visible and non - expressed alleles , is called its genotype .
The pattern of costs for the monopoly can be analyzed within the same framework as the costs of a perfectly competitive firm — that is , by using total cost , fixed cost , variable cost , marginal cost , average cost , and average variable cost .
1469 .
5942 .
Although not well understood , Ménière 's disease results in a degeneration of inner ear structures that can lead to hearing loss , tinnitus ( constant ringing or buzzing ) , vertigo ( a sense of spinning ) , and an increase in pressure within the inner ear ( Semaan & Megerian , 2011 ) .
Strobili are cone - like structures that contain sporangia .
Binding to these molecules promotes optimal conformation and function for their respective enzymes .
The gel - like consistency of mesohyl acts like an endoskeleton and maintains the tubular morphology of sponges .
Ectomycorrhizae ( “ outside ” mycorrhiza ) depend on fungi enveloping the roots in a sheath ( called a mantle ) and a Hartig net of hyphae that extends into the roots between cells ( [ link ] ) .
Wild cats such as lions , shown in [ link ] a and tigers are examples of vertebrate carnivores , as are snakes and sharks , while invertebrate carnivores include sea stars , spiders , and ladybugs , shown in [ link ] b .
984 .
With a CD , as it is commonly called , you agree to deposit a certain amount of money , often measured in thousands of dollars , in the account for a stated period of time , typically ranging from a few months to several years .
For example , if a factory produces only 100 cars per year , each car will be quite expensive to make on average .
Perfectly unlinked genes correspond to the frequencies predicted by Mendel to assort independently in a dihybrid cross .
319 .
4899 .
The fundamental component for all of these macromolecules is carbon .
The striations are caused by the regular arrangement of contractile proteins ( actin and myosin ) .
The increase in length of the shoot and the root is referred to as primary growth , and is the result of cell division in the shoot apical meristem .
Thus , lexicon is a language ’s vocabulary .
Rockefeller was ruthless in his pursuit of total control of the oil refining business .
The Supreme Court begins its annual session on the first Monday in October and ends late the following June .
2454 .
The name laser is an acronym for light amplification by stimulated emission of radiation , the process just described .
3972 .
One common use of the photoelectric effect is in light meters , such as those that adjust the automatic iris on various types of cameras .
4352 .
When you drive the ball at its natural frequency , the ball ’s oscillations increase in amplitude with each oscillation for as long as you drive it .
2816 .
This is called the linear hypothesis and it may be prudent , but it is controversial .
The respiratory system contains several protective mechanisms to avoid problems or tissue damage .
Other Areas of the ForebrainOther areas of the forebrain , located beneath the cerebral cortex , include the thalamus and the limbic system .
5897 .
In between the pyramids are spaces called renal columns through which the blood vessels pass .
4304 .
291 .
1888 .
Again , the lowest - income countries , especially in the African region , experience the worst problems with disease .
Three of the governor ’s chief functions are to influence the legislative process through an executive budget proposal , a policy agenda , and vetoes .
Many preindustrial societies observed gerontocracy , a type of social structure wherein the power is held by a society ’s oldest members .
3602 .
This mismatch can be geographic ( they are hiring in California , but most unemployed live in Alabama ) , technological ( skilled workers are replaced by machines , as in the auto industry ) , or can result from any sudden change in the types of jobs people are seeking versus the types of companies that are hiring .
The bones of the lower limb are the femur ( thigh bone ) , patella ( kneecap ) , tibia and fibula ( bones of the leg ) , tarsals ( bones of the ankle ) , and metatarsals and phalanges ( bones of the foot ) ( [ link ] ) .
4643 .
If poor performance continued , schools could face changes in curricula and teachers , or even the prospect of closure .
204 .
Genetic diversity or variation is the raw material for adaptation in a species .
The approval of New York was the last major hurdle .
While the details may vary between species , the overall development of the female gametophyte has two distinct phases .
Much of what Einstein did to develop his ideas was to mentally analyze certain carefully and clearly defined situations — doing this is to perform a thought experiment .
3568 .
6355 .
If a country ’s exports are larger than its imports , then a country is said to have a trade surplus .
By late 1862 , the course of the war had changed to take on the characteristics of total war , in which armies attempt to demoralize the enemy by both striking military targets and disrupting their opponent ’s ability to wage war through destruction of their resources .
During one of the reports he filed while traveling with the 101st Airborne Division , Rivera had his camera operator record him drawing a map in the sand , showing where his unit was and using Baghdad as a reference point .
Other opportunities for participation that interest groups offer or encourage include voting , campaigning , contacting lawmakers , and informing the public about causes .
This takes place at the sensory receptor , and the change in electrical potential that is produced is called the receptor potential .
The symptoms of viral diseases result from the immune response to the virus , which attempts to control and eliminate the virus from the body , and from cell damage caused by the virus .
Referring to what became known as the Fourteen Points , Wilson called for openness in all matters of diplomacy and trade , specifically , free trade , freedom of the seas , an end to secret treaties and negotiations , promotion of self - determination of all nations , and more .
This pattern is common enough that it has been given a name : the law of diminishing returns , which holds that as additional increments of resources are added to a certain purpose , the marginal benefit from those additional increments will decline .
7095 .
The long - term result of entry and exit in a perfectly competitive market is that all firms end up selling at the price level determined by the lowest point on the average cost curve .
5205 .
Like demand , supply can be illustrated using a table or a graph .
The word Gestalt roughly translates to “ whole ; ” a major emphasis of Gestalt psychology deals with the fact that although a sensory experience can be broken down into individual parts , how those parts relate to each other as a whole is often what the individual responds to in perception .
Out of the frustration of Jackson ’s supporters emerged a powerful two - party system that took control of the selection process . Daniel Myron Greene .
Such a device is called a heat engine .
7094 .
4100 .
This supplies oxygen to the living and metabolically active cells of the cortex , xylem and phloem .
When adding velocities , we have been careful to specify that the velocity is relative to some reference frame .
Atherosclerosis is the blockage of an artery by the buildup of fatty plaques .
The mathematical formula for the electrostatic force is called Coulomb ’s law after the French physicist Charles Coulomb ( 1736 – 1806 ) , who performed experiments and first proposed a formula to calculate it .
6691 .
5803 .
The middle ear holds three small bones called the ossicles , which transfer energy from the moving tympanum to the inner ear .
201 .
The suspensor provides a route for nutrition to be transported from the mother plant to the growing embryo .
When the circulation of fluid in the eye is blocked , it can lead to a buildup in pressure , a condition called glaucoma .
994 .
The penis , illustrated in [ link ] , is an organ that drains urine from the renal bladder and functions as a copulatory organ during intercourse .
3913 .
Protectionism certainly saves jobs in the specific industry being protected but , for two reasons , it costs jobs in other unprotected industries .
Consider the duties of a parent : cooking , cleaning , driving , problem - solving , acting as a source of moral guidance — the list goes on .
6914 .
Many states do have usury laws , which impose an upper limit on the interest rate that lenders can charge .
1495 .
One strand , which is complementary to the 3 ' to 5 ' parental DNA strand , is synthesized continuously towards the replication fork because the polymerase can add nucleotides in this direction .
Intelligence Specialist Second Class Tashawbaba McHerrin ( b ) hands a U.S. flag to a child visiting the USS Enterprise during Fleet Week in Port Everglades , Florida .
What causes the electric field ?
Tubers are modified stems that may store starch , as seen in the potato ( Solanum sp . ) .
On the other hand , when an organism demonstrates the conditioned response to stimuli that are similar to the condition stimulus , it is called stimulus generalization , the opposite of stimulus discrimination .
It includes any process or service that creates value , including transportation , distribution , wholesale and retail sales .
But when they do , the Constitution allows for a small presidential loophole called the recess appointment .
6151 .
Lampreys are similar to hagfishes in size and shape ; however , lampreys possess some vertebral elements .
These thinkers believed that ideas and social constructs must be proven to work before they could be accepted . 2420 .
Taking these arguments together , the quality / new goods bias means that the rise in the price of a fixed basket of goods over time tends to overstate the rise in a consumer ’s true cost of living , because it does not take into account how improvements in the quality of existing goods or the invention of new goods improves the standard of living .
A uniporter carries one specific ion or molecule .
Following a massive snowstorm in November 2014 , New York governor Andrew Cuomo ordered the mobilization of more than five hundred members of the National Guard to assist with snow removal and traffic control .
Potential energy can be stored in any elastic medium by deforming it .
Almost one million genotypic abnormalities can be discovered using microarrays , whereas whole - genome sequencing can provide information about all six billion base pairs in the human genome .
Biologists group allopatric processes into two categories : dispersal and vicariance .
The familiar demand and supply diagram holds within it the concept of economic efficiency .
The investment income ( bottom lines two and four ) are found in the current account , while investment to the rest of the world or into the home country ( lines one and three ) are found in the financial account .
6734 .
Two physical characteristics of a wave are amplitude and wavelength ( [ link ] ) .
While those with congenital analgesia can detect differences in temperature and pressure , they can not experience pain .
Surveys allow researchers to gather data from larger samples than may be afforded by other research methods .
5805 .
In 1950 , the Celler - Kefauver Act extended the Clayton Act by restricting vertical and conglomerate mergers .
Those organisms that can not be cultured but are not dead are in a viable - but - non - culturable ( VBNC ) state .
Try this fun activity that employs a memory - enhancing strategy .
3551 .
States also ignored instances of violence and intimidation against African Americans wanting to register or vote . Medvic , Campaigns and Elections .
3423 .
7046 .
As we get older , socioemotional selectivity theory suggests that our social support and friendships dwindle in number , but remain as close , if not more close than in our earlier years ( Carstensen , 1992 ) ( [ link ] ) .
Albert Bandura agreed with Skinner that personality develops through learning .
The cerebellum ( Latin for “ little brain ” ) receives messages from muscles , tendons , joints , and structures in our ear to control balance , coordination , movement , and motor skills .
In short , collective behavior is any group behavior that is not mandated or regulated by an institution .
1133 .
Since the main responsibilities of a central bank are to control the money supply and to ensure that the banking system is stable , a central bank must be concerned about whether large and unexpected exchange rate depreciation will drive most of the country ’s existing banks into bankruptcy .
While support for this concept is mixed , it is still considered a possible solution to global overpopulation .
Farm subsidies in the high - income countries cause farmers in those countries to increase the amount they produce .
An example of this is seen in the three - spined stickleback , where the visual signal of a red region in the lower half of a fish signals males to become aggressive and signals females to mate .
But the real fruit of the particle - exchange proposal is that searches for Yukawa ’s proposed particle found it and a number of others that were completely unexpected , stimulating yet more research .
In viviparity the young develop within the female , receiving nourishment from the mother ’s blood through a placenta .
The CPI is calculated by government statisticians at the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics based on the prices in a fixed basket of goods and services that represents the purchases of the average family of four .
They developed the Social Readjustment Rating Scale ( SRRS ) , consisting of 43 life events that require varying degrees of personal readjustment ( Holmes & Rahe , 1967 ) .
6062 .
In Europe and North America , haze - effect cooling produced some of the lowest average winter temperatures on record in 1783 and 1784 .
All choices on the production possibilities frontier show productive efficiency because in such cases , there is no way to increase the quantity of one good without decreasing the quantity of the other .
981 .
6484 .
Queer TheoryQueer Theory is an interdisciplinary approach to sexuality studies that identifies Western society ’s rigid splitting of gender into male and female roles and questions the manner in which we have been taught to think about sexual orientation .
Eccrine glands produce sweat , or perspiration , which is mainly composed of water .
Some interests groups form political action committees ( PACs ) , groups that collect funds from donors and distribute them to candidates who support their issues .
There are actually three types of beta decay .
Many organisms only reproduce at certain times of the year , often just annually .
The first is the traditional economy , which is the oldest economic system and can be found in parts of Asia , Africa , and South America .
It would mean higher prices for imported inputs throughout the economy , shifting the short - term aggregate supply curve to the left .
2786 .
The domestic slave trade was highly visible , and like the infamous Middle Passage that brought captive Africans to the Americas , it constituted an equally disruptive and horrifying journey now called the second middle passage .
2902 .
Peer group socialization begins in the earliest years , such as when kids on a playground teach younger children the norms about taking turns , the rules of a game , or how to shoot a basket .
Interest groups may thus enjoy greater ability to set the agenda and push for policy that favors their organization .
To deal with this problem , Weber and Dilthey introduced the concept of verstehen , a German word that means to understand in a deep way .
Actin is a globular contractile protein that interacts with myosin for muscle contraction .
Based on fossil evidence , fungi appeared in the pre - Cambrian era , about 450 million years ago .
Just as the trp operon is negatively regulated by tryptophan molecules , there are proteins that bind to the operator sequences that act as a positive regulator to turn genes on and activate them .
Saliva also contains immunoglobulins and lysozymes , which have antibacterial action to reduce tooth decay by inhibiting growth of some bacteria .
2791 .
6091 .
This law is known as Dalton ’s law of partial pressures , after the English scientist John Dalton ( 1766–1844 ) , who proposed it .
It is easy to look at the latest sleek Apple product and think technology is a recent addition to our world .
The court gave the newspapers the right to publish much of the study , but revelation of troop movements and the names of undercover operatives are some of the few approved reasons for which the government can stop publication or reporting .
All these issues are back under discussion in the Supreme Court with the re - arguing of Fisher v. University of Texas . Fisher v. University of Texas , 570 U.S. _ _ _ ( 2013 ) ; Fisher v. University of Texas , 579 U.S. _ _ _ ( 2016 ) .
These protists exist in freshwater and marine habitats , and are a component of plankton , the typically microscopic organisms that drift through the water and serve as a crucial food source for larger aquatic organisms .
As blood osmolarity decreases , a negative feedback mechanism reduces osmoreceptor activity in the hypothalamus , and ADH secretion is reduced .
Heat from beneath Earth ’s surface is brought to the surface in flows of incandescent lava .
Rods and cones are connected ( via several interneurons ) to retinal ganglion cells .
4063 .
Examples include when a firm buys a machine that will last 10 years , or builds a new plant that will last for 30 years , or starts a research and development project .
According to the National Conference of State Legislatures , by November 2015 , thirty - six states had laws requiring that voters provide identification at the polls .
Ampere ’s law in turn is a part of Maxwell ’s equations , which give a complete theory of all electromagnetic phenomena .
One explanation for the regional differences is selective migration ( Rentfrow et al . , 2013 ) .
Term Limits , is dedicated to the expansion of term limits across the United States .
Saliva also contains an enzyme called salivary amylase that begins the process of converting starches in the food into a disaccharide called maltose .
4962 .
The United States has a common law system in which law is largely developed through binding judicial decisions .
2659 .
Some drivers are safer than others .
2610 .
The United States finds it useful to enter into international agreements with other countries for a variety of reasons and on a variety of different subjects .
The nucleus - first hypothesis proposes that the nucleus evolved in prokaryotes first ( [ link ] a ) , followed by a later fusion of the new eukaryote with bacteria that became mitochondria .
PAMPs are carbohydrate , polypeptide , and nucleic acid “ signatures ” that are expressed by viruses , bacteria , and parasites but which differ from molecules on host cells .
Studies show that average national happiness scores ( over time and across countries ) relate strongly to six key variables : per capita gross domestic product ( GDP , which reflects a nation ’s economic standard of living ) , social support , freedom to make important life choices , healthy life expectancy , freedom from perceived corruption in government and business , and generosity ( Helliwell et al. , 2013 ) .
More recently , presidents have offered their own interpretation of legislation as they sign it via signing statements ( discussed later in this chapter ) directed to the bureaucratic entity charged with implementation .
This reaction force is called thrust .
For example , in Sherbert v. Verner ( 1963 ) , the Supreme Court ruled that states could not deny unemployment benefits to an individual who turned down a job because it required working on the Sabbath .
Both Rogers ’s and Maslow ’s theories focus on individual choices and do not believe that biology is deterministic . 3918 .
Such a conflict emerged in the 2014 Supreme Court case known as Burwell v. Hobby Lobby .
If these are the only two possible alleles for a given locus in the population , p + q = 1 .
While ray tracing for complicated lenses , such as those found in sophisticated cameras , may require computer techniques , there is a set of simple rules for tracing rays through thin lenses .
2 , … ( constructive ) .
4710 .
A bank has assets such as cash held in its vaults , monies that the bank holds at the Federal Reserve bank ( called “ reserves ” ) , loans that are made to customers , and bonds .
501 .
1215 .
They often found they were hindered in their efforts , however , either by the law or by widely held beliefs that they were weak , silly creatures who should leave important issues to men .
6795 .
Social Loafing
Ageism is discrimination ( when someone acts on a prejudice ) based on age .
Instead , the law governing the Federal Reserve requires it to take both unemployment and inflation into account .
Symbolic interactionism is a micro - level theory that focuses on the relationships among individuals within a society .
The tibia , or shinbone , is a large bone of the leg that is located directly below the knee .
A structure called a peristome increases the spread of spores after the tip of the capsule falls off at dispersal .
6439 .
A pollution charge is a tax imposed on the quantity of pollution that a firm emits .
A thin lens is defined to be one whose thickness allows rays to refract , as illustrated in [ link ] , but does not allow properties such as dispersion and aberrations .
Many interesting biology and physics topics have been studied over the past three decades in the presence of microgravity .
The initiator tRNA interacts with the start codon AUG ( or rarely , GUG ) , links to a formylated methionine called fMet , and can also bind IF-2 .
Researchers in sport and exercise psychology study the psychological aspects of sport performance , including motivation and performance anxiety , and the effects of sport on mental and emotional wellbeing .
It is not surprising , then , that humans detect cold stimuli before they detect warm stimuli . Pacinian corpuscles ( seen in [ link ] ) are located deep in the dermis of both glabrous and hairy skin and are structurally similar to Meissner ’s corpuscles ; they are found in the bone periosteum , joint capsules , pancreas and other viscera , breast , and genitals .
Christie was famously photographed with President Obama during their joint tour of the damaged areas , and the governor subsequently praised the president for his response ( [ link ] ) .
Since light can penetrate this depth , photosynthesis can occur in the neritic zone .
Flowers pollinated by wind are usually small , feathery , and visually inconspicuous .
3739 .
Stimulated emission is the emission of electromagnetic radiation in the form of photons of a given frequency , triggered by photons of the same frequency .
And despite Holder ’s statement , a 2013 memo by James Cole , the deputy attorney general , reminded states that marijuana use is still illegal . James M. Cole , “ Memorandum for All United States Attorneys , ” U.S. Department of Justice , August 29 , 2013 , http://www.justice.gov/iso/opa/resources/3052013829132756857467.pdf .
In fact , in all situations the total amount of charge is always constant .
69 .
Does the name Ivan Pavlov ring a bell ?
” Karl Marx ( left ) and Friedrich Engels ( right ) analyzed differences in social power between “ have ” and “ have - not ” groups .
2230 .
Into the early twentieth century , written work was frequently banned as being obscene , including works by noted authors such as James Joyce and Henry Miller , although today it is rare for the courts to uphold obscenity charges for written material alone . 6111 .
For example , when an airplane flies through the air , some of the energy of the flying plane is lost as heat energy due to friction with the surrounding air .
Rockets , airplanes , and cars are pushed forward by a thrust reaction force .
The air that organisms breathe contains particulate matter such as dust , dirt , viral particles , and bacteria that can damage the lungs or trigger allergic immune responses .
A decision about how much to save can be represented using an intertemporal budget constraint .
Viruses come in many shapes and sizes , but these are consistent and distinct for each viral family .
399 .
284 .
Thus , lexicon is a language ’s vocabulary .
The type of cleavage depends on the amount of yolk in the eggs .
6986 .
One measure of this is output per worker or GDP per capita .
To obtain a view of an individual ’s karyotype , cytologists photograph the chromosomes and then cut and paste each chromosome into a chart , or karyogram , also known as an ideogram ( [ link ] ) .
Churches were moved to intervene through their belief in the concept of the social gospel .
239 .
New York : Free Press , 95 - 96 .
While other mammals possess a less complex placenta or briefly have a placenta , all eutherians possess a complex placenta during gestation .
Nerve conduction is a general term for electrical signals carried by nerve cells .
949 .
According to Freud , a person who has a strong ego , which can balance the demands of the i d and the superego , has a healthy personality .
Other envelope proteins are the matrix proteins that stabilize the envelope and often play a role in the assembly of progeny virions .
3875 .
5898 .
Some chemical reactions , such as the one shown above , can proceed in one direction until the reactants are all used up .
To date , people have used a variety of nicotine replacement therapies in addition to various psychotherapeutic options in an attempt to discontinue their use of tobacco products .
5674 .
Nonetheless , those indentured servants who completed their term of service often began new lives as tobacco planters .
Squamous epithelial cells are generally round , flat , and have a small , centrally located nucleus .
This creates an oligopoly in which a few firms dominate the media marketplace .
500 .
1130 .
Finally , the desire of office holders in each branch of government to exercise the powers given to them , described as “ personal motives , ” would encourage them to limit any attempt by the other branches to overstep their authority .
5544 .
1854 .
Individual organisms will mate with any nearby individual who they are capable of breeding with .
In 2004 , the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth organization ran ads attacking John Kerry ’s military service record , and MoveOn attacked George W. Bush ’s decision to commit to the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq .
Sociologist Erving Goffman presented the idea that a person is like an actor on a stage .
Like biological psychology , cognitive psychology is broad in its scope and often involves collaborations among people from a diverse range of disciplinary backgrounds .
Mendel ’s parental pea plants always bred true because both of the gametes produced carried the same trait .
For example , in 1957 , President Dwight D. Eisenhower called out the military by executive order to enforce the Supreme Court ’s order to racially integrate the public schools in Little Rock , Arkansas .
Other structures are present in some prokaryotic species , but not in others ( [ link ] ) .
2663 .
4683 .
3953 .
1038 .
Second , frequent price changes may leave customers confused or angry — especially if they find out that a product now costs more than expected .
We will therefore study not only motion along curves , but also the forces that cause it , including gravitational forces .
A layer of trees rises above this understory and is topped by a closed upper canopy — the uppermost overhead layer of branches and leaves .
Electoral rules are probably not the only reason the United States has a two - party system .
1855 .
Most student microscopes are classified as light microscopes ( [ link ] a ) .
These universals , and the differences in the way societies and individuals experience religion , provide rich material for sociological study .
3202 .
1199 .
In 1984 , the federal government passed the National Minimum Drinking Age Act ( NMDAA ) , a crosscutting mandate that gradually reduced federal highway grant money to any state that failed to increase the legal age for alcohol purchase and possession to twenty - one .
Between 1946 and 1964 , married couples also gave birth to the largest generation in U.S. history to date ; this baby boom resulted in the cohort known as the baby boomers .
Troponin binds to tropomyosin and helps to position it on the actin molecule ; it also binds calcium ions .
This philosophy stated that all Christians , whether they were church leaders or social reformers , should be as concerned about the conditions of life in the secular world as the afterlife , and the Reverend Washington Gladden was a major advocate .
5492 .
The Shakers provide another example of a community established with a religious mission .
These men are credited with introducing psychologists in the United States to various Gestalt principles .
600 .
The viral genome is then “ injected ” into the host cell through these channels in a manner analogous to that used by many bacteriophages .
569 .
The Bucktails emphasized a pragmatic approach .
Prolactin stimulates the production of milk by the mammary glands following childbirth .
4252 .
5657 .
In the United States , the official definition of the poverty line traces back to a single person : Mollie Orshansky .
Waves on the glass of milk are one example of standing waves .
895 .
Heart disease is one such condition .
Because this sequence primes the DNA synthesis , it is appropriately called the primer .
Another common vision defect is astigmatism , an unevenness or asymmetry in the focus of the eye .
For example , if you live in Essex Junction , Vermont , you have probably had a lot of direct experience with snow .
7010 .
1438 .
The process of photosynthesis occurs in a middle layer called the mesophyll .
Workplace violence is one aspect of workplace safety that I - O psychologists study .
These chemical reactions are called endergonic reactions , and they are non - spontaneous .
The clicking and buzzing sound we hear in dramatizations and documentaries , as well as in our own physics labs , is usually an audio output of events detected by a Geiger counter .
Embedded in the thylakoid membrane is chlorophyll , a pigment ( molecule that absorbs light ) responsible for the initial interaction between light and plant material , and numerous proteins that make up the electron transport chain .
Although their taxonomy is currently in flux , one treatment places the rotifers in three classes : Bdelloidea , Monogononta , and Seisonidea .
The death of Justice Antonin Scalia in February 2016 has prompted the most recent discussion of appointing a new justice , with Obama nominating Merrick Garland to fill the vacant seat .
This is also why water forms droplets when placed on a dry surface rather than being flattened out by gravity .
It non - invasively produces two - dimensional and three - dimensional images of the body that provide important medical information with none of the hazards of x - rays .
Leaves are covered by a waxy cuticle on the outer surface that prevents the loss of water .
The membership of each of these unions is listed in [ link ] .
Because the gene is essential , these individuals might fail to develop past fertilization , die in utero , or die later in life , depending on what life stage requires this gene .
Fossil records indicate that trees and their root symbionts share a long evolutionary history .
This operator contains the DNA code to which the repressor protein can bind .
All the components of aggregate demand — consumption , investment , government spending , and the trade balance — are now in place to build the Keynesian cross diagram .
Luckily , the rules for adding waves are quite simple . When two or more waves arrive at the same point , they superimpose themselves on one another .
The first part is called the proximal convoluted tubule ( PCT ) due to its proximity to the glomerulus ; it stays in the renal cortex .
The theory also connects this change of a population over time , called microevolution , with the processes that gave rise to new species and higher taxonomic groups with widely divergent characters , called macroevolution .
The amount that a seller is paid for a good minus the seller ’s actual cost is called producer surplus .
The environment consists of numerous pathogens , which are agents , usually microorganisms , that cause diseases in their hosts .
The force to the left sensed by car passengers is a fictitious force having no physical origin .
4113 .
1605 .
Different species may have different genes that are active in development ; therefore , it may not be possible to develop a viable offspring with two different sets of directions .
In the twenty - first century , the FTC and the U.S. Department of Justice continue to enforce antitrust laws .
The reason for this disagreement stems from the fact that only green algae , the Charophytes , share common characteristics with land plants ( such as using chlorophyll a and b plus carotene in the same proportion as plants ) .
Examples include antinuclear groups , Mothers Against Drunk Driving ( MADD ) , the Dreamers movement for immigration reform , and the Human Rights Campaign ’s advocacy for Marriage Equality .
Karyokinesis is unnecessary because there is no nucleus and thus no need to direct one copy of the multiple chromosomes into each daughter cell .
The act required states to allow citizens to register to vote when they sign up for driver ’s licenses and Social Security benefits .
In Gibbons v. Ogden , the court had to interpret the commerce clause of Article I , Section 8 ; specifically , it had to determine whether the federal government had the sole authority to regulate the licensing of steamboats operating between New York and New Jersey . Gibbons v. Ogden , 22 U.S. 1 ( 1824 ) .
The outcry was so great that the new tax was quickly withdrawn , but its repeal was soon followed by a series of other tax acts , such as the Townshend Acts ( 1767 ) , which imposed taxes on many everyday objects such as glass , tea , and paint .
An important membrane adaption for active transport is the presence of specific carrier proteins or pumps to facilitate movement : there are three types of these proteins or transporters ( [ link ] ) .
More formally , it is the relatively stable set of purposive governmental actions that address matters of concern to some part of society . James E. Anderson .
Ionization produces a random assortment of broken molecules and ions , some with unstable oxygen- or hydrogen - containing molecules known as free radicals .
3470 .
In [ link ] ( b ) , the marginal propensity to import is 0.1 .
2744 .
5944 .
The federal government helps fund Medicaid , but each state is responsible for administering the program , determining the level of benefits , and determining eligibility .
4777 .
Sea stars ( [ link ] ) , sea cucumbers , sea urchins , sand dollars , and brittle stars are all examples of echinoderms .
Another way for carbon to enter the atmosphere is from land ( including land beneath the surface of the ocean ) by the eruption of volcanoes and other geothermal systems .
1953 .
1447 .
The rate of diffusion in this instance is almost totally dependent on pressure .
The study of any population usually begins by determining how many individuals of a particular species exist , and how closely associated they are with each other .
Even when there are other options on the ballot , most voters understand that minor parties have no real chance of winning even a single office .
1315 .
The Act is named after Jeanne Clery , who in 1986 was raped and murdered by a fellow student in her Lehigh University dorm room .
Another group of researchers also experimented with rats to learn how the hippocampus functions in memory processing ( [ link ] ) .
Barack Obama ’s recent 2008 victory was a mandate with 52.9 percent of the popular vote and 67.8 percent of the Electoral College vote .
The substances used in the beginning of a chemical reaction are called the reactants ( usually found on the left side of a chemical equation ) , and the substances found at the end of the reaction are known as the products ( usually found on the right side of a chemical equation ) .
Each segmental artery splits further into several interlobar arteries and enters the renal columns , which supply the renal lobes .
This baseline level of unemployment that occurs year - in and year - out is called the natural rate of unemployment and is determined by how well the structures of market and government institutions in the economy lead to a matching of workers and employers in the labor market .
3574 .
The personal income tax is the largest single source of federal government revenue , but it still represents less than half of federal tax revenue .
780 .
Other substances , such as glass , do not allow charges to move through them .
While most of us learned about social movements in history classes , we tend to take for granted the fundamental changes they caused — and we may be completely unfamiliar with the trend toward global social movements .
Stare decisis is especially important in the U.S. common law system , in which the consistency of precedent ensures greater certainty and stability in law and constitutional interpretation , and it also contributes to the solidity and legitimacy of the court system itself .
Parazoans ( “ beside animals ” ) do not display tissue - level organization , although they do have specialized cells that perform specific functions .
1898 .
As blood glucose levels increase , the pancreas and liver send signals to shut off hunger and eating ( Drazen & Woods , 2003 ; Druce , Small , & Bloom , 2004 ; Greary , 1990 ) .
Although similar in mass , protons and neutrons differ in their electric charge .
4640 .
Some errors are not corrected during replication , but are instead corrected after replication is completed ; this type of repair is known as mismatch repair ( [ link ] ) .
6604 .
An expressed sequence tag ( EST ) and a single sequence length polymorphism ( SSLP ) are common STSs .
Both types of treatment help people with psychological disorders , such as depression , anxiety , and schizophrenia .
For a person to be diagnosed with Gender Dysphoria , there must be a marked difference between the individual ’s expressed / experienced gender and the gender others would assign him or her , and it must continue for at least six months .
New Jersey governor Chris Christie gained national attention in 2012 over his handling of the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy , which caused an estimated $ 65 billion worth of damage and cost the lives of over 150 individuals along the East Coast of the United States .
6051 .
They are formed by the collapse of a star ’s core in a supernova , during which electrons and protons are forced together to form neutrons ( the reverse of neutron β β size 12 { β } { } decay ) .
Dicots have a tap root system , while monocots have a fibrous root system .
Thus , the infant industry argument for protectionism is to block imports for a limited time , to give the infant industry time to mature , before it starts competing on equal terms in the global economy .
These nonpolar compounds are called hydrophobic ( hydro- = “ water ” ; -phobic = “ fearing ” ) .
In contrast , dispositionism holds that our behavior is determined by internal factors ( Heider , 1958 ) .
In other words , the people in charge of the media decide what the public is exposed to , which , as C. Wright Mills ( 1956 ) famously noted , is the heart of media ’s power .
Finally , bureaucracies are also characterized by impersonality , which takes personal feelings out of professional situations .
The time to complete one oscillation remains constant and is called the period T T size 12 { T } { } .
People learn informal norms by observation , imitation , and general socialization .
In it , he borrowed from Herbert Spencer ’s theory of social Darwinism , which held that society developed much like plant or animal life through a process of evolution in which the most fit and capable enjoyed the greatest material and social success .
2968 .
Thorns are modified branches appearing as sharp outgrowths that protect the plant ; common examples include roses , Osage orange and devil ’s walking stick .
6251 .
1327 .
6468 .
In the early decades of the 20th century , normative psychologists studied large numbers of children at various ages to determine norms ( i.e. , average ages ) of when most children reach specific developmental milestones in each of the three domains ( Gesell , 1933 , 1939 , 1940 ; Gesell & Ilg , 1946 ; Hall , 1904 ) .
In the scientific community , facts can be established only using evidence collected through empirical research .
DNA is the genetic material found in all living organisms , ranging from single - celled bacteria to multicellular mammals .
Across the United States , over twenty million college and university students begin classes each fall , many away from home .
Sellers may offer a warranty , which is a promise to fix or replace the good , at least for a certain period of time .
U.S. unemployment rates soared higher than 20 % from 1933 to 1935 , but the number of possible workers had not increased or decreased much . 4920 .
As we discussed in the beginning of the chapter , interactionists focus on the specific meanings and causes people attribute to illness .
Culture can impact the way in which people display emotion .
4609 .
6600 .
In The International Trade and Capital Flows , for example , we discussed how exchange rates are used to compare GDP statistics from countries where GDP is measured in different currencies .
These cohesive forces are related to water ’s property of adhesion , or the attraction between water molecules and other molecules .
Finally , there is the pathway from the retina to the suprachiasmatic nucleus ( SCN ) of the hypothalamus .
5235 .
Self - efficacy is an individual ’s belief in her own capability to complete a task , which may include a previous successful completion of the exact task or a similar task .
4255 .
At some point , if you have n’t already been called , you may receive a summons for jury duty from your local court system .
Absolute advantage simply compares the productivity of a worker between countries .
The reticular formation is centered in the midbrain , but it actually extends up into the forebrain and down into the hindbrain .
2486 .
QED has been spectacularly successful in describing electromagnetic interactions on the submicroscopic scale .
Barack Obama not only spoke to young people ’s concerns but his campaign also connected with them via technology , wielding texts and tweets to bring together a new generation of voters ( [ link ] ) .
However , the application of this standard has at times been problematic .
In the United States , largely because it was born during the Enlightenment and has a long history of championing free - market principles , the urge to privatize government services has never been as strong as it is in many other countries .
His economic policies , called Reaganomics by the press , were based on a theory called supply - side economics , about which many economists were skeptical .
Since parties are bottom - up institutions , this meant local issues dominated elections ; it also meant national - level politicians typically paid more attention to local problems than to national party politics .
4909 .
Based mostly on his analysis that the laws of electricity and magnetism would not allow another speed for light , and only slightly aware of the Michelson - Morley experiment , Einstein detailed his second postulate of special relativity .
When a hormone binds to the receptor , the G - protein is activated by binding guanosine triphosphate , or GTP , in place of GDP .
6330 .
You can also directly sense the frequency of a sound .
All primate species possess adaptations for climbing trees , as they all descended from tree - dwellers .
Interest in the role of dopamine in schizophrenia was stimulated by two sets of findings : drugs that increase dopamine levels can produce schizophrenia - like symptoms , and medications that block dopamine activity reduce the symptoms ( Howes & Kapur , 2009 ) .
6465 .
Behavior therapies are used to treat comorbid conditions , and in many cases , psychotropic medications are used along with psychotherapy .
Following the phallic stage of psychosexual development is a period known as the latency period ( 6 years to puberty ) .
Wernicke ’s area , important for speech comprehension , is also located here .
The combination of unemployment and rising prices posed an unfamiliar challenge to economists whose fiscal policies of either expanding or contracting federal spending could only address one side of the problem at the cost of the other .
1276 .
Mollusk species that are exclusively aquatic have gills for respiration , whereas some terrestrial species have lungs for respiration .
They seem to be inherently more hazardous than conventional reactors , but it remains unknown whether their hazards can be made economically acceptable . 3246 .
The Federal Open Market Committee ( FOMC ) makes the decisions regarding these open market operations .
At the same time , public schooling was beginning to take root on a wide scale .
For instance , a person who has recently produced a successful immune response against a particular disease agent can donate blood to a nonimmune recipient and confer temporary immunity through antibodies in the donor ’s blood serum .
Psychologist Carl Rogers developed a therapeutic orientation known as Rogerian , or client - centered therapy .
4041 .
And bipolar disorder is characterized by dramatic shifts in energy and mood , often affecting the individual ’s ability to carry out day - to - day tasks .
Also , as environmental protection increases , the largest marginal benefits are achieved first , followed by reduced marginal benefits .
Additionally , leaves and other material that fall from plants decompose and contribute to soil composition .
413 .
The total number of units purchased at that price is called the quantity demanded .
4744 .
These elections are simpler than primaries and conventions , because there are only two major party candidates and a few minor party candidates .
The act established the Federal Reserve System , also known as the Fed , as the central bank of the United States .
Ecologists also study interactions among various species ; members of different species are called heterospecifics .
2852 .
Vitamins are another class of essential organic molecules that are required in small quantities for many enzymes to function and , for this reason , are considered to be co - enzymes .
It strives for perfection and judges our behavior , leading to feelings of pride or — when we fall short of the ideal — feelings of guilt .
The moving electrons may collide with fixed atoms and molecules , losing some energy , but they can move in a conductor .
5251 .
Gastrin stimulates the release of stomach acid , or hydrochloric acid ( HCl ) which aids in the digestion of the proteins .
Microbiology , the study of microorganisms , is the study of the structure and function of single - celled organisms .
Sebaceous glands produce a lipid mixture called sebum that is secreted onto the hair and skin for water resistance and lubrication .
On July 21 , 1861 , the two armies met near Manassas , Virginia , along Bull Run Creek , only thirty miles from Washington , DC .
For example , after the common beginning of all life , scientists divide organisms into three large categories called a domain : Bacteria , Archaea , and Eukarya .
2768 .
New York : Simon & Schuster .
The peripheral route is an indirect route that uses peripheral cues to associate positivity with the message ( Petty & Cacioppo , 1986 ) .
The cell body contains a specialized structure , the axon hillock that integrates signals from multiple synapses and serves as a junction between the cell body and an axon .
2380 .
In general , prosimians tend to be nocturnal ( in contrast to diurnal anthropoids ) and exhibit a smaller size and smaller brain than anthropoids .
700 .
Many of these neighborhoods also suffered from high rates of crime and violence .
When P1 plants with contrasting traits were cross - fertilized , all of the offspring were heterozygous for the contrasting trait , meaning that their genotype reflected that they had different alleles for the gene being examined .
Being practical means you find solutions that work in your everyday life by applying knowledge based on your experiences .
In the United States , white flight refers to the migration of economically secure white people from racially mixed urban areas and toward the suburbs .
This was certainly the fear of Melancton Smith , a New York merchant and landowner , who believed that power should rest in the hands of small , landowning farmers of average wealth who “ are more temperate , of better morals and less ambitious than the great . ”
4293 .
This outcome is why perfect competition displays productive efficiency : goods are being produced at the lowest possible average cost .
Homologous chromosomes are the same length and have specific nucleotide segments called genes in exactly the same location , or locus .
3733 .
As the federal bureaucracy expanded , so too did the president ’s power to grow agencies like the Secret Service and the Federal Bureau of Investigation .
The operation of the law further alarmed northerners and confirmed for many the existence of a “ Slave Power ” — that is , a minority of elite slaveholders who wielded a disproportionate amount of power over the federal government , shaping domestic and foreign policies to suit their interests .
Younger voters are more likely to volunteer their time rather than vote , believing that serving others is more important than voting .
For example , President Abraham Lincoln , who oversaw the prosecution of the Civil War , stretched the bounds of his legal authority in a number of ways , such as by issuing the Emancipation Proclamation that freed slaves in the confederate states .
This chemical diversity has potential benefit for humans as a source of pharmaceuticals , so it provides one way to measure diversity that is important to human health and welfare .
Twelve years later , when the Supreme Court ’s ruling in National Federation of Independent Business v. Sebelius ( 2012 ) let stand the Affordable Care Act ’s requirement of individual coverage , approval by Democrats increased to 68 percent , while Republican support dropped to 29 percent .
Rather , these are regions that regulate mRNA localization , stability , and protein translation .
Furthermore , the courts have found that police do not generally need a warrant to search the passenger compartment of a car ( [ link ] ) , or to search people entering the United States from another country .
This position is called the Speaker of the House and is the only House officer mentioned in the Constitution .
When scientists are involved in the breeding of a species , such as with animals in zoos and nature preserves , they try to increase a population ’s genetic variance to preserve as much of the phenotypic diversity as they can .
Mineral soils form directly from the weathering of bedrock , the solid rock that lies beneath the soil , and therefore , they have a similar composition to the original rock .
Spores allow fungi to expand their distribution and colonize new environments .
In Near v. Minnesota ( 1931 ) , the Court disagreed with state courts regarding censorship and ruled it unconstitutional except in rare cases .
1809 .
The cis double bond causes a bend or a “ kink ” that prevents the fatty acids from packing tightly , keeping them liquid at room temperature ( [ link ] ) .
288 .
These suggestions were slightly tongue - in - cheek , but their purpose was to emphasize that a Great Depression is no time to quibble over the specifics of government spending programs and tax cuts when the goal should be to pump up aggregate demand by enough to lift the economy to potential GDP .
5379 .
406 .
In psychoanalysis , therapists help their patients look into their past to uncover repressed feelings .
Ligands interact with proteins in target cells , which are cells that are affected by chemical signals ; these proteins are also called receptors .
6394 .
5854 .
In the late 1960s and early 1970s , many young people came to embrace a new wave of cultural dissent .
Particularly in times of war , or even in response to threats against national security , the government has held suspected enemy agents without access to civilian courts , often without access to lawyers or a defense , seeking instead to try them before military tribunals or detain them indefinitely without trial .
All animals are heterotrophs that derive energy from food .
Another potential problem in observational research is observer bias .
Conditioned behaviors are types of associative learning , where a stimulus becomes associated with a consequence .
This is especially the case in the Senate , which is a super - majority institution .
4807 .
1420 .
While trade deficits on their own are not bad , the question is whether they will be reduced gradually or hastily .
Under this model , both levels of government coordinated their actions to solve national problems , such as the Great Depression and the civil rights struggle of the following decades .
1496 .
5475 .
Although the context of O’Sullivan ’s original article was to encourage expansion into the newly acquired Texas territory , the spirit it invoked would subsequently be used to encourage westward settlement throughout the rest of the nineteenth century .
3414 .
Simultaneously , this dynamic contributed to an exponential increase in natural resource use , like petroleum , which sequentially increased pollution in the form of carbon emissions .
A competitive seat describes a race where a challenger runs against the incumbent — the current office holder .
5211 .
The laws of demand and supply continue to apply in the financial markets .
A person with restless leg syndrome has uncomfortable sensations in the legs during periods of inactivity or when trying to fall asleep .
When cilia ( singular = cilium ) are present , however , many of them extend along the entire surface of the plasma membrane .
These can be measured but with some difficulty since their strengths are about 10 − 610 − 6 size 12 { " 10 " rSup { size 8 { - 6 } } } { } to 10 − 810 − 8 size 12 { " 10 " rSup { size 8 { - 8 } } } { } less than the Earth ’s magnetic field .
Civil rights pioneers adopted these measures in the 1955–1956 Montgomery bus boycott .
For example , if current flows through a person holding a screwdriver and into the Earth , then R1 R1 size 12 { R rSub { size 8 { 1 } } } { } in [ link ] ( a ) could be the resistance of the screwdriver ’s shaft , R2 R2 size 12 { R rSub { size 8 { 2 } } } { } the resistance of its handle , R3 R3 size 12 { R rSub { size 8 { 3 } } } { } the person ’s body resistance , and R4 R4 size 12 { R rSub { size 8 { 4 } } } { } the resistance of her shoes .
Structural mobility is attributable to changes in society as a whole , not individual changes .
The phrase affirmative action originated in the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and Executive Order 11246 , and it has drawn controversy ever since .
1291 .
Hate Crimes Prevention Act , also known as the Matthew Shepard Act , in 2009 made it a federal hate crime to attack someone based on his or her gender , gender identity , sexual orientation , or disability and made it easier for federal , state , and local authorities to investigate hate crimes , but it has not necessarily made the world safer for LGBT Americans .
The second group , bipedal predators called theropods , includes birds .
Many banks and other financial institutions also offer a chance to invest in money market funds , where the deposits of many individual investors are pooled together and invested in a safe way , such as short - term government bonds .
4074 .
In this way , Van Buren helped create a political machine of disciplined party members who prized loyalty above all else , a harbinger of future patronage politics in the United States .
Social psychology focuses on how we interact with and relate to others .
The cell wall of plants is mostly made of cellulose ; this provides structural support to the cell .
Sleep rebound refers to the fact that a sleep - deprived individual will tend to take a shorter time to fall asleep during subsequent opportunities for sleep .
1629 .
Each digit consists of three phalanges , except for the thumb , when present , which has only two .
Most traits are polygenic : controlled by more than one gene .
Wartime price controls were retained for some items but removed from others , like meat .
631 .
Graphically , a positive slope means that as a line on the line graph moves from left to right , the line rises .
The biggest threat to the president , however , came from corrupt but beloved Louisiana senator Huey “ Kingfish ” Long ( [ link ] ) .
The NWPC was formed by Bella Abzug ( [ link ] ) , Gloria Steinem , Shirley Chisholm , and other leading feminists to encourage women ’s participation in political parties , elect women to office , and raise money for their campaigns .
A narrowly defined market will tend to make concentration appear higher , while a broadly defined market will tend to make it appear smaller . There are two especially important shifts affecting how markets are defined in recent decades : one centers on technology and the other centers on globalization .
4730 .
Perhaps emboldened by the national government ’s stance , Colorado voters approved recreational marijuana use in 2012 .
For both defects , images in the distance are clear but images nearby are blurry .
The renin - angiotensin - aldosterone system , illustrated in [ link ] proceeds through several steps to produce angiotensin II , which acts to stabilize blood pressure and volume .
In contrast to the innate behaviors discussed above , learning involves acquiring knowledge and skills through experience .
278 .
6761 .
For example , he will compare the utility he would receive from a choice like point A , with consumption of $ 1 million in the present , zero savings , and zero future consumption ; point B , with present consumption of $ 800,000 , savings of $ 200,000 , and future consumption of $ 1,148,000 ; point C , with present consumption of $ 600,000 , savings of $ 400,000 , and future consumption of $ 2,296,000 ; or even choice D , with present consumption of zero , savings of $ 1,000,000 , and future consumption of $ 5,740,000 .
Cells are made of many complex molecules called macromolecules , such as proteins , nucleic acids ( RNA and DNA ) , carbohydrates , and lipids .
While globalization — and economic activity of all kinds — can pose environmental dangers , it seems quite possible that , with the appropriate safeguards in place , the environmental impacts of trade can be minimized .
Considering the example cross between AaBb and aabb above , the frequency of recombination could be calculated as 50/1000 = 0.05 .
6443 .
Saccharomyces cerevisiae ( baker ’s yeast ) and Candida species ( the agents of thrush , a common fungal infection ) are examples of unicellular fungi ( [ link ] ) .
We do not want to have wasted time and effort to join a group that we eventually leave .
It allows plants to optimize their use of light and space .
This ruling made it much harder for politicians to silence potential critics or to bankrupt their political opponents through the courts . 6110 .
A fixed action pattern is a series of movements elicited by a stimulus such that even when the stimulus is removed , the pattern goes on to completion .
Although they have coenocytic hyphae like the zygomycetes , they do not form zygospores .
2180 .
If a firm issues bonds and fails to make the promised interest payments , the bondholders can take the firm to court and require it to pay , even if the firm needs to raise the money by selling buildings or equipment .
6028 .
Such panics plagued U.S. banks until 1913 ( [ link ] ) , when Congress enacted the Federal Reserve Act .
We have yet to discuss money and its role in helping to achieve our macroeconomic goals . You should also understand Keynesian and neoclassical frameworks for macroeconomic analysis and how these frameworks can be embodied in the aggregate demand / aggregate supply ( AD / AS ) model .
First , an inefficient outcome occurs and the total surplus of society is reduced .
At the federal level , the president nominates a candidate to a judgeship or justice position , and the nominee must be confirmed by a majority vote in the U.S. Senate , a function of the Senate ’s “ advice and consent ” role .
His disapproval of Roosevelt came in part from his own ambitions for higher office ; Long stated that the president was not doing enough to help people and proposed his own Share Our Wealth program .
Sociologists use the term social stratification to describe the system of social standing .
5750 .
Serum is similar to interstitial fluid in which the correct composition of key ions acting as electrolytes is essential for normal functioning of muscles and nerves .
4035 .
For example , in the β - cells of the pancreas , Ca2 + signaling leads to the release of insulin , and in muscle cells , an increase in Ca2 + leads to muscle contractions . Another second messenger utilized in many different cell types is cyclic AMP ( cAMP ) .
Teichoic acids may be covalently linked to lipids in the plasma membrane to form lipoteichoic acids .
In early December 1863 , the president began the process of reunification by unveiling a three - part proposal known as the ten percent plan that outlined how the states would return .
5219 .
649 .
Personality psychology focuses on patterns of thoughts and behaviors that make each individual unique .
Peer review also ensures that the research is described clearly enough to allow other scientists to replicate it , meaning they can repeat the experiment using different samples to determine reliability .
However , there are a group of conditions that , when present , are diagnosed early in childhood , often before the time a child enters school .
In 1990 , the Americans with Disabilities Act ( ADA ) greatly expanded opportunities and protections for people of all ages with disabilities .
Some in the United States felt the country should again be isolationist as the world settled into a new political arrangement , including a vocal senator , Jesse Helms ( R - NC ) , who was against the United States continuing to be the military “ policeman ” of the world .
The electors of the Electoral College travel to their respective state capitols and cast their votes in mid - December , often by signing a certificate recording their vote .
4988 .
4104 .
Hormesis is a term used to describe generally favorable biological responses to low exposures of toxins or radiation .
Some of these reasons include protecting sensitive industries , for humanitarian reasons , and protecting against dumping .
3653 .
DNA fragments can also be amplified from an RNA template in a process called reverse transcriptase PCR ( RT - PCR ) .
2494 .
Asch ( 1955 ) found that 76 % of participants conformed to group pressure at least once by indicating the incorrect line .
Electromagnetic waves can bring energy into a system by virtue of their electric and magnetic fields .
John B. Watson , shown in [ link ] , is considered the founder of behaviorism .
Some found themselves attracted to the Republican candidate Richard Nixon .
Believing he had landed in the East Indies , Columbus called the native Taínos he found there “ Indios , ” giving rise to the term “ Indian ” for any native people of the New World .
1530 .
This is called top - down processing .
( b ) Phenotype describes an individual ’s observable characteristics , such as hair color , skin color , height , and build .
Most types of autoimmunity involve the humoral immune response .
Representative government and capitalism developed together in the United States , and many Americans tend to equate democracy , a political system in which people govern themselves , with capitalism .
Many newspapers now maintain both a print and an Internet presence in order to compete for readers .
3881 .
3143 .
Intrapersonal topics ( those that pertain to the individual ) include emotions and attitudes , the self , and social cognition ( the ways in which we think about ourselves and others ) .
His chancellor of the exchequer , Charles Townshend ( [ link ] ) , whose job was to manage the Empire ’s finances , took on many of his duties .
( See [ link ] . )
A firm ’s first sale of stock to the public is called an initial public offering ( IPO ) .
size 12 { y = ital " m x " + ` b } { }
Why is it considered acceptable to feel prejudice toward — even to hate — obese people ?
2832 .
Under quiet conditions , the hair cells ( the receptor cells of the inner ear ) can detect the tick of a clock 20 feet away ( Galanter , 1962 ) .
Approximately 70–90 percent of Americans report belonging to at least one group .
Accordingly , different interests represent the more specialized needs of different specialties within the medical community , but fragmentation can occur when a large interest like this has diverging needs .
6104 .
3643 .
Those economists who emphasize the role of supply in the macroeconomy often refer to the work of a famous French economist of the early nineteenth century named Jean - Baptiste Say ( 1767 – 1832 ) .
The middle ear holds three small bones called the ossicles , which transfer energy from the moving tympanum to the inner ear .
Some leaves are attached to the plant stem by a petiole .
Political involvement also depends on how strongly people feel about current political issues .
The blood is more than the proteins , though .
1480 .
The primer and dNTP are mixed with a small proportion of fluorescently labeled dideoxynucleotides ( ddNTPs ) .
4970 .
Two of the delegates , Alexander Hamilton and James Madison , requested that all states send delegates to a convention in Philadelphia the following year to attempt once again to revise the Articles of Confederation .
The Twentieth Amendment , which was ratified in 1933 during the Great Depression , moved the date of the presidential inauguration from March to January .
Average variable cost obtained when variable cost is divided by quantity of output .
The term politics refers to the process of gaining and exercising control within a government for the purpose of setting and achieving particular goals , especially those related to the division of resources within a nation .
The close connection between union membership and a friendly legal environment is apparent in the history of U.S. unions .
M1 money supply includes coins and currency in circulation — the coins and bills that circulate in an economy that are not held by the U.S. Treasury , at the Federal Reserve Bank , or in bank vaults .
Microwaves are the highest - frequency electromagnetic waves that can be produced by currents in macroscopic circuits and devices .
Grafting has long been used to produce novel varieties of roses , citrus species , and other plants .
Parties accomplish this by identifying and aligning sets of issues that are important to voters in the hopes of gaining support during elections ; their positions on these critical issues are often presented in documents known as a party platform ( [ link ] ) , which is adopted at each party ’s presidential nominating convention every four years .
616 .
Thomas Skidmore , from Connecticut , was the outspoken organizer of the Working Men ’s Party , which lodged a radical protest against the exploitation of workers that accompanied industrialization .
It is often prescribed for minor pain , and it is available over - the - counter in some other countries .
3520 .
Noam Chomsky ( 1965 ) criticized this behaviorist approach , asserting instead that the mechanisms underlying language acquisition are biologically determined .
This is called adaptive radiation because many adaptations evolve from a single point of origin ; thus , causing the species to radiate into several new ones .
The shift from original choice A to point C , which is the point of tangency between the original indifference curve and the dashed line , shows that because of the higher wage , Petunia will want to consume less leisure and more income .
Powerful individuals and social institutions have a great deal of influence over which forms of technology are released , when and where they are released , and what kind of media is available for our consumption , which is a form of gatekeeping .
Retirement insurance : All workers pay a percentage of their income into Social Security and into Medicare , which then provides income and health care benefits to the elderly .
Total revenue and total costs for the raspberry farm , broken down into fixed and variable costs , are shown in [ link ] and also appear in [ link ] .
The federal court system is most often called upon when a case touches on constitutional rights .
A few decades ago , it was common to track the solid or physical items that were transported by planes , trains , and trucks between countries as a way of measuring the balance of trade .
Blood pressure pulsates because of the pumping action of the heart , reaching a maximum , called systolic pressure , and a minimum , called diastolic pressure , with each heartbeat .
When an economy is operating at its potential GDP , machines and factories are running at capacity , and the unemployment rate is relatively low — at the natural rate of unemployment .
Risk measures the uncertainty of that project ’s profitability .
7092 .
In contrast , CD8 + cells engage antigen - embedded MHC I molecules on APCs and are stimulated to become cytotoxic T lymphocytes ( CTLs ) , which directly kill infected cells by apoptosis and emit cytokines to amplify the immune response .
Anyone who owns a bond and receives the interest payments is called a bondholder .
Autoinducers are signaling molecules secreted by bacteria to communicate with other bacteria of the same kind .
4496 .
This process is called summation and occurs at the axon hillock , as illustrated in [ link ] .
Symbionts may fix more nitrogen in soils than free - living organisms by a factor of 10 .
Eventually , over 150 years , the forest will reach its equilibrium point where species composition is no longer changing and resembles the community before the fire .
While aspects of the psychoanalytic theory are still found among some of today ’s therapists who are trained from a psychodynamic perspective , Roger ’s ideas about client - centered therapy have been especially influential in shaping how many clinicians operate .
4301 .
For this reason , meiosis I is referred to as a reduction division .
The structures of the inner ear are found in the labyrinth , a bony , hollow structure that is the most interior portion of the ear .
The Fifteenth Amendment gave men the right to vote regardless of race or color , but women were still prohibited from voting in most states .
2784 .
When bound , the methionine initiator tRNA associates with the eIF-2/40S ribosome complex , bringing along with it the mRNA to be translated .
Some statuses are ascribed — those you do not select , such as son , elderly person , or female .
5710 .
642 .
In recent years , the statisticians have paid considerable attention to a subtle problem : that the change in the total cost of buying a fixed basket of goods and services over time is conceptually not quite the same as the change in the cost of living , because the cost of living represents how much it costs for a person to feel that his or her consumption provides an equal level of satisfaction or utility .
5527 .
Its brain size was 380 – 450 cubic centimeters , approximately the size of a modern chimpanzee brain .
383 .
Just count up the number of “ yes ” and “ no ” responses or correct answers , and chart them into percentages .
Black holesBlack holes are objects having such large gravitational fields that things can fall in , but nothing , not even light , can escape .
1341 .
Past research indicated that the amount of interest - group activity surrounding a case before it is granted cert. has a significant impact on whether the Supreme Court puts the case on its agenda .
3151 .
The IPO is important for two reasons .
These ancestral memories , which Jung called archetypes , are represented by universal themes in various cultures , as expressed through literature , art , and dreams ( Jung ) .
You ’ve already learned that there are many ways psychologists describe intelligence ( or more aptly , intelligences ) .
In October 1859 , the radical abolitionist John Brown and eighteen armed men , both blacks and whites , attacked the federal arsenal in Harpers Ferry , Virginia .
3330 .
Pepsin breaks peptide bonds and cleaves proteins into smaller polypeptides ; it also helps activate more pepsinogen , starting a positive feedback mechanism that generates more pepsin .
5378 .
Ultimately , the framers settled on a system in which power would be shared : The national government had its core duties , the state governments had their duties , and other duties were shared equally between them .
Ecdysozoa includes nematodes and arthropods ; they are so named for a commonly found characteristic among the group : exoskeletal molting ( termed ecdysis ) .
4453 .
The first stage of interphase is called the G1 phase ( first gap ) because , from a microscopic aspect , little change is visible .
The answer is that both blades of the demand and supply scissors are always involved . 4319 .
4687 .
It dropped the limit on the number of radio stations ( forty ) and television stations ( twelve ) a single company could own .
In addition to a significant European migration westward , several thousand African Americans migrated west following the Civil War , as much to escape the racism and violence of the Old South as to find new economic opportunities .
The oxygen atoms in an O2 molecule are joined by a double bond .
FM radio waves are also used for commercial radio transmission , but in the frequency range of 88 to 108 MHz .
The benefit of written opinions , though , is the wealth of material that they provide .
Direct current ( DC ) is the flow of electric charge in only one direction .
Those that were in a state of subordination faced significant obstacles to mobilization .
The outermost layer is a tough connective tissue layer called the renal fascia .
States may also have a residency requirement , which establishes how long a citizen must live in a state before becoming eligible to register : it is often thirty days .
In magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) , a person is placed inside a machine that generates a strong magnetic field .
That is a reduction reaction because it involves the gain of electrons by 3-PGA .
2277 .
6536 .
Consider , for example , the use of excise taxes on specific goods or services as a source of revenue .
The diapsids diverged into two groups , the Archosauromorpha ( “ ancient lizard form ” ) and the Lepidosauromorpha ( “ scaly lizard form ” ) during the Mesozoic period ( [ link ] ) .
This type of adhesion is called capillary action , and is illustrated in [ link ] .
This can be done in different ways , such as :
4556 .
The amendment ’s first section states , “ Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude , except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted , shall exist within the United States , or any place subject to their jurisdiction . ”
One of the early pioneers in the study of stress was Walter Cannon , an eminent American physiologist at Harvard Medical School ( [ link ] ) .
The apical surface of each villus has many microscopic projections called microvilli .
4480 .
Agassiz helped to popularize polygenism , the idea that different human races came from separate origins .
This matriarchy changed dramatically with the coming of the Europeans , who introduced , sometimes forcibly , their own customs and traditions to the natives .
3417 .
3009 .
While a model is justified with experimental proof , it is only accurate under limited situations .
5592 .
Let ’s define what is meant by the firm .
Indeed , conservative Whigs defined themselves in opposition to democracy , which they equated with anarchy .
2014 .
While tensions were building over Ukraine 's efforts to join the European Union , and even as Russian troops had taken control of the Ukrainian airbase in Belbek , the Odessa Philharmonic Orchestra and Opera Chorus tried to lighten the troubled times for shoppers with music and song . Spontaneous gatherings like this are called flash mobs .
Carbohydrates can be represented by the stoichiometric formula ( CH2O ) n , where n is the number of carbons in the molecule .
Unlike the other sleep disorders described in this section , a person with narcolepsy can not resist falling asleep at inopportune times .
Although it was the intention of the state to create a type of legal relationship equivalent to marriage , it did not use the word “ marriage ” to describe it .
However , this legal development is relatively new ; as recently as 1986 , the Supreme Court ruled that states could still criminalize sex acts between two people of the same sex . Bowers v. Hardwick , 478 U.S. 186 ( 1986 ) .
Sometimes , we are more interested in how much difference in stimuli is required to detect a difference between them .
Indeed , Mexico refused even to acknowledge Polk ’s emissary , John Slidell , who had been sent to Mexico City to negotiate .
The bystander effect is a phenomenon in which a witness or bystander does not volunteer to help a victim or person in distress .
Sympatric speciation ( sym- = " same " ; -patric = " homeland " ) involves speciation occurring within a parent species remaining in one location .
The federal government also overlooked the disease , and calls for more money to research and find the cure were ignored .
Cults , like sects , are new religious groups .
He had previously served as the governor of the Philippines following the Spanish - American War , had a distinguished judicial career , and served as Roosevelt ’s Secretary of War from 1904 to 1908 .
According to this principle , we tend to segment our visual world into figure and ground .
Brown v. Board of Education
In this way , it can fill the gap between quantity demanded and quantity supplied of its currency .
In the field of behavioral genetics , the Minnesota Study of Twins Reared Apart — a well - known study of the genetic basis for personality — conducted research with twins from 1979 to 1999 .
The furrow deepens as the actin ring contracts , and eventually the membrane is cleaved in two ( [ link ] ) .
This article describes the minimum age of congresspersons ( Section 2 ) , requires that Congress meet at least once a year ( Section 4 ) , guarantees members ’ pay ( Section 6 ) , and gives Congress the power to levy taxes , borrow money , and regulate commerce ( Section 8 ) .
Each of us represents a unique interaction between our genetic makeup and our environment ; range of reaction is one way to describe this interaction .
This result is often termed the free rider problem , because some individuals can receive benefits ( get a free ride ) without helping to bear the cost .
What a buyer pays for a unit of the specific good or service is called price .
During the administration of George H. W. Bush , the development of charter schools had gathered momentum , and the American Federation of Teachers welcomed them as places to employ innovative teaching methods or offer specialized instruction in particular subjects .
In Emsleyan / Mertensian mimicry , a deadly prey mimics a less dangerous one , such as the venomous coral snake mimicking the non - venomous milk snake .
Semantic means having to do with language and knowledge about language .
4363 .
The number of dead zones has been increasing for several years , and more than 400 of these zones were present as of 2008 .
The scapulae are flat , triangular bones that are located at the back of the pectoral girdle .
Coping refers to mental and behavioral efforts that we use to deal with problems relating to stress , including its presumed cause and the unpleasant feelings and emotions it produces .
Examples of oligopoly abound and include the auto industry , cable television , and commercial air travel .
Three of the four cells break down ; only a single surviving cell will develop into a female multicellular gametophyte , which encloses archegonia ( an archegonium is a reproductive organ that contains a single large egg ) .
A zygote begins as a one - cell structure that is created when a sperm and egg merge .
Discrimination against members of racial , ethnic , or religious groups or those of various national origins is reviewed to the greatest degree by the courts , which apply the strict scrutiny standard in these cases .
473 .
Neither is perceived by the ear , although infrasound can sometimes be felt as vibrations .
Karen Horney was one of the first women trained as a Freudian psychoanalyst .
663 .
308 .
548 .
The national dialogue shifted during the next few weeks , with some commentators pointing to a nationwide sedimentation of racial inequality and identifying redlining in Ferguson as a cause of the unbalanced racial composition in the community , in local political establishments , and in the police force ( Bouie 2014 ) .
The lungs are elastic ; therefore , when air fills the lungs , the elastic recoil within the tissues of the lung exerts pressure back toward the interior of the lungs .
4514 .
In chordates , it is located dorsal to the notochord .
A further risk is that group members might pick sides and entrench themselves into opposing factions rather than reaching a solution .
His father , George H. W. Bush , had received a similar spike in approval ratings ( from 58 to 89 percent ) following the end of the first Persian Gulf War in 1991 .
The magnitude of the dipole is called the dipole moment . These two centers of charge will terminate some of the electric field lines coming from a free charge , as on a DNA molecule .
This tissue functions as the immune barrier and response in areas of the body with direct contact to the external environment .
Another area where social policy must balance rights and liberties is public safety .
Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 makes it illegal to treat individuals unfavorably because of their race or color of their skin : An employer can not discriminate based on skin color , hair texture , or other immutable characteristics , which are traits of an individual that are fundamental to her identity , in hiring , benefits , promotions , or termination of employees .
Given their current production levels , if the United States can trade an amount of corn fewer than 60 bushels and receives in exchange an amount of oil greater than 20 barrels , it will gain from trade .
Zero elasticity or perfect inelasticity , as depicted in [ link ] refers to the extreme case in which a percentage change in price , no matter how large , results in zero change in quantity .
4882 .
Acid rain is a widely recognized problem that did not make it on to the governmental policy agenda until Congress passed the Air Quality Act of 1967 , long after environmental groups started asking for laws to regulate pollution .
The Soviet Union significantly aided its allies , Egypt and Syria , and the United States supported Israel , earning the enmity of Arab nations .
4236 .
Nevertheless , women continued to be denied jobs because of their sex and were often sexually harassed at the workplace .
Wealthy executives , politicians , celebrities , and military leaders often have access to national and international power , and in some cases , their decisions affect everyone in society .
PrP exists in two forms , PrPc , the normal form of the protein , and PrPsc , the infectious form .
People tend not to act when the perceived benefit is insufficient to justify the costs associated with engaging in the action .
For example , if a pharmaceutical firm has a patent on a new drug , then no other firm can manufacture or sell that drug for twenty - one years , unless the firm with the patent grants permission .
5588 .
2110 .
5153 .
For those who subscribe to the inflation targeting philosophy , the fear is that politicians who are worried about slow economic growth and unemployment will constantly pressure the central bank to conduct a loose monetary policy — even if the economy is already producing at potential GDP .
901 .
1127 .
To achieve their goals , the group called for farm holidays , during which farmers would neither sell their produce nor purchase any other goods until the government met their demands .
3557 .
A non - electrolyte , in contrast , does n’t dissociate into ions during water dissolution .
1317 .
3382 .
The main difference between these accounts is that an IRA is usually set up by an individual , while a 401(k ) needs to be set up through an employer .
The intuition behind Say ’s law is that each time a good or service is produced and sold , it generates income that is earned for someone : a worker , a manager , an owner , or those who are workers , managers , and owners at firms that supply inputs along the chain of production .
These podocytes are connected by an internal system of canals to an opening called the madreporite .
These transfers allow even distantly related species to share genes , influencing their phenotypes .
7064 .
Holding large reserves of other currencies has an opportunity cost , and central banks will not wish to boost such reserves without limit .
Two years later , with the adoption of the Fourteenth Amendment , section 2 of which specifically qualified the liberties it extended to “ male citizens , ” it seemed as though the progress made in support of civil rights was not only passing women by but was purposely codifying their exclusion .
This capillary network is a part of the hypophyseal portal system that carries substances from the hypothalamus to the anterior pituitary and hormones from the anterior pituitary into the circulatory system .
This includes sutures , gomphoses , and synchondroses .
4261 .
In addition , individuals who display hypersensitivity to molds and spores develop strong and dangerous allergic reactions .
The Keynesian view of recession is based on two key building blocks .
Some of the electrons in metals and similar conductors are not bound to individual atoms or sites in the material .
3657 .
The act increased the debt ceiling , but it also reduced spending and created automatic cuts , called sequestrations , if further legislation did not deal with the debt by 2013 .
In the Venus flytrap , two modified leaves are joined at a hinge and lined with thin fork - like tines along the outer edges .
These proto - primates remain largely mysterious creatures until more fossil evidence becomes available .
6531 .
Amino acid derived hormones and polypeptide hormones are not lipid - derived ( lipid - soluble ) and therefore can not diffuse through the plasma membrane of cells .
This results in a switch by most tissues from utilizing glucose as an energy source to utilizing fatty acids .
Is that the likely outcome?Keynesian macroeconomic policy requires some optimism about the ability of the government to recognize a situation of too little or too much aggregate demand , and to adjust aggregate demand accordingly with the right level of changes in taxes or spending , all enacted in a timely fashion .
331 .
995 .
Another enzyme , RNA primase , synthesizes an RNA primer that is about five to ten nucleotides long and complementary to the DNA .
Tumor suppressor genes are segments of DNA that code for negative regulator proteins , the type of regulators that , when activated , can prevent the cell from undergoing uncontrolled division .
The Speaker also rules on House procedures , often delegating authority for certain duties to other members .
Ecosystems have characteristic amounts of biomass at each trophic level .
In equation form , the first law of thermodynamics is
3401 .
But how will her new choice relate to her original choice ?
6683 .
In fact , antibodies exhibit different affinities ( attraction ) depending on the molecular complementarity between antigen and antibody molecules , as illustrated in [ link ] .
5874 .
This insight has implications for investing , as people tend to “ overplay ” the stock market by reacting more to losses than to gains .
Sternberg ( 1986 ) states that a healthy relationship will have all three components of love — intimacy , passion , and commitment — which is described as consummate love ( [ link ] ) .
In late 1941 , the program received its code name : the Manhattan Project .
5589 .
In other words , you knew all along that things would turn out the way they did .
This finding is important because larger than normal ventricles suggests that various brain regions are reduced in size , thus implying that schizophrenia is associated with a loss of brain tissue .
3510 .
Once those fields are found , the total field can be determined using vector addition . Solution
4207 .
Aside from the neoclassical determinants of growth , four additional determinants are significant in a wide range of statistical studies and are worth mentioning : geography , demography , industrial structure , and institutions .
Most people generally agree that anarchy , or the absence of organized government , does not facilitate a desirable living environment for society , but it is much harder for individuals to agree upon the particulars of how a population should be governed .
The electric and magnetic fields produced by a long straight wire antenna are exactly in phase .
The Three - Fifths Compromise , illustrated in [ link ] , resolved the impasse , although not in a manner that truly satisfied anyone .
Kim Severson , “ Thousands Sterilized , A State Weighs Restitution , ” New York Times , 9 December 2011 . http://www.nytimes.com/2011/12/10/us/redress-weighed-for-forced-sterilizations-in-north-carolina.html?_r=1&hp .
6922 .
5841 .
There are some people who have only part time or temporary jobs and who are looking for full time and permanent employment that are counted as employed , though they are not employed in the way they would like or need to be .
1624 .
740 .
Dermal tissue covers and protects the plant , and vascular tissue transports water , minerals , and sugars to different parts of the plant .
( Recall that E = V / dE = V / d size 12 { E = V / d } { } for a parallel plate capacitor . )
This demand can be divided into four main parts : consumer spending ( consumption ) , business spending ( investment ) , government spending on goods and services , and spending on net exports .
A representative sample consists of a group whose demographic distribution is similar to that of the overall population .
An acquisition may not look just like a merger , since the newly purchased firm may continue to be operated under its former company name .
1016 .
The heart muscle will die without a steady supply of blood .
Besides this instance of their patriotism , before they separated , they unanimously resolved that the Stamp Act was unconstitutional , that they would purchase no more British manufactures unless it be repealed , and that they would not even admit the addresses of any gentlemen should they have the opportunity , without they determined to oppose its execution to the last extremity , if the occasion required . ”
[ link ] illustrates economies of scale for a plant producing toaster ovens .
3884 .
In 2012 , for example , only one - third of the eligible voters in New Hampshire voted in the state ’s primary , one of the earliest and thus most important in the nation ; however , 70 percent of eligible voters in the state voted in the general election in November 2012 .
The second row of [ link ] provides data on trade in services .
To compare other notable presidents , John F. Kennedy averaged 70.1 percent and Richard Nixon 49 percent . Gallup .
Social epidemiology is the study of the causes and distribution of diseases .
Within the soil profile , soil scientists define zones called horizons .
At the time , the term “ puritan ” was a pejorative one ; many people saw Puritans as holier - than - thou frauds who used religion to swindle their neighbors .
In this example , each time the x term increases by one ( the run ) , the y term rises by three .
They are categorized separately in many classification schemes .
6068 .
“ Edward M. Kennedy , Senate Stalwart , Is Dead at 77 . ”
920 .
Along the axon there are periodic gaps in the myelin sheath .
Each country has a domestic supply and demand for sugar , as detailed in [ link ] and illustrated in [ link ] .
Bowling Alone : The Collapse and Revival of American Community .
We define ionizing radiation as any form of radiation that produces ionization whether nuclear in origin or not , since the effects and detection of the radiation are related to ionization .
6966 .
Lau v. Nichols , 414 U.S. 563 ( 1974 ) .
Three years later , national regulatory capacity was broadened by the Sherman Antitrust Act of 1890 , which made it illegal to monopolize or attempt to monopolize and conspire in restraining commerce ( Figure 03_02_Commerce ) .
After the 1819 Adams - Onís Treaty defined the U.S. - Mexico boundary , the Spanish Mexican government began actively encouraging Americans to settle their northern province .
6450 .
2037 .
A further refinement of the formula recognizes that different species have inherent differences in their intrinsic rate of increase ( often thought of as the potential for reproduction ) , even under ideal conditions .
Empathy is the capacity to understand another person ’s perspective , to feel what he or she feels .
Unlike steroid hormones , lipid insoluble hormones do not directly affect the target cell because they can not enter the cell and act directly on DNA .
Concerned that he might be violating the powers of the office , Jefferson rationalized that his not facing impeachment charges constituted Congress ’s tacit approval of his actions .
Returning to the crime rate during a full moon topic , reliability of a study would reflect how well the resulting experience represents the average adult crime rate during a full moon .
6260 .
2024 .
5083 .
4674 .
The law also allowed corporations and unions to form PACs and required public disclosure of campaign contributions and their sources .
6970 .
3432 .
The cnidarians perform extracellular digestion in which the food is taken into the gastrovascular cavity , enzymes are secreted into the cavity , and the cells lining the cavity absorb nutrients .
Another source of ammonia is ammonification , the process by which ammonia is released during the decomposition of nitrogen - containing organic compounds .
A basophil is a leukocyte that , like a neutrophil , releases chemicals to stimulate the inflammatory response as illustrated in [ link ] .
The third and innermost layer is the renal capsule .
5274 .
5675 .
3860 .
The result was an eroding of respect for law and order , as many people continued to drink illegal liquor .
As women are now in the labor force , many of the services they used to produce in the non - market economy like food preparation and child care have shifted to some extent into the market economy , which makes the GDP appear larger even if more services are not actually being consumed .
In ecology , two parameters are used to measure changes in ecosystems : resistance and resilience .
Say ’s law is : “ Supply creates its own demand . ” As a matter of historical accuracy , it seems clear that Say never actually wrote down this law and that it oversimplifies his beliefs , but the law lives on as useful shorthand for summarizing a point of view . The intuition behind Say ’s law is that each time a good or service is produced and sold , it generates income that is earned for someone : a worker , a manager , an owner , or those who are workers , managers , and owners at firms that supply inputs along the chain of production .
Peer GroupsA peer group is made up of people who are similar in age and social status and who share interests .
6020 .
5053 .
496 .
4025 .
In the United States , the bureaucracy began as a very small collection of individuals .
Relative velocities are one aspect of relativity , which is defined to be the study of how different observers moving relative to each other measure the same phenomenon .
6689 .
Examples of block grants include the Workforce Investment Act program , which provides state and local agencies money to help youths and adults obtain skill sets that will lead to better - paying jobs , and the Surface Transportation Program , which helps state and local governments maintain and improve highways , bridges , tunnels , sidewalks , and bicycle paths .
6293 .
However , correlation is limited because establishing the existence of a relationship tells us little about cause and effect .
A line - item veto is a type of veto that keeps the majority of a spending bill unaltered but nullifies certain lines of spending within it .
Dimorphic fungi can change from the unicellular to multicellular state depending on environmental conditions .
5254 .
6400 .
State courts also handle civil matters ; personal injury , malpractice , divorce , family , juvenile , probate , and contract disputes and real estate cases , to name just a few , are usually state - level cases .
It is also possible for us to get messages that are presented below the threshold for conscious awareness — these are called subliminal messages .
Estuaries are biomes that occur where a source of fresh water , such as a river , meets the ocean .
6390 .
2088 .
Thermodynamically , heat energy is defined as the energy transferred from one system to another that is not doing work .
Dumping refers to selling goods below their cost of production .
In 1934 , Congress passed the Indian Reorganization Act , which ended the division of reservation land into allotments .
When most people think of taxes levied by the federal government , the first tax that comes to mind is the individual income tax that is due every year on April 15 ( or the first business day after ) .
In a way , these telomeres protect the genes from getting deleted as cells continue to divide .
The measurement of GDP involves counting up the production of millions of different goods and services — smart phones , cars , music downloads , computers , steel , bananas , college educations , and all other new goods and services produced in the current year — and summing them into a total dollar value .
Additionally , he outlined with Secretary of State Henry Stimson the Hoover - Stimson Doctrine , which announced that the United States would never recognize claims to territories seized by force ( a direct response to the recent Japanese invasion of Manchuria ) .
The chain termination method involves DNA replication of a single - stranded template with the use of a primer and a regular deoxynucleotide ( dNTP ) , which is a monomer , or a single unit , of DNA .
Finally , media information presented as fact can contain covert or overt political material .
Many bird or insect - pollinated flowers secrete nectar , which is a sugary liquid .
In adult vertebrates , the vertebral column replaces the notochord , which is only seen in the embryonic stage .
3764 .
1738 .
However , if a family of carriers begins to interbreed with each other , this will dramatically increase the likelihood of two carriers mating and eventually producing diseased offspring , a phenomenon known as inbreeding depression .
5200 .
2530 .
Each chromatid , now called a chromosome , is pulled rapidly toward the centrosome to which its microtubule is attached .
These citizens , as well as those who vote for third parties like the Green Party or the Libertarian Party , are sometimes referred to as the chronic minority .
When the sample represents the actual population , the poll ’s accuracy will be reflected in a lower margin of error .
In the 1850s , as the urban population greatly expanded and transportation options improved , suburbs developed .
2208 .
Ultimately , James Madison delivered on this promise by proposing a package of amendments in the First Congress , drawing from the Declaration of Rights in the Virginia state constitution , suggestions from the ratification conventions , and other sources , which were extensively debated in both houses of Congress and ultimately proposed as twelve separate amendments for ratification by the states .
An example is the pineapple , where the flowers fuse together to form the fruit .
The first row is a header row and it labels the last three columns , ' Less than a High School Degree , ' ' High School Degree , No College , ' and ' Bachelor 's Degree . '
Although the data reflect 2013 results , the patterns we see in the figure give us a good idea of how governments have funded their activities in recent years .
6036 .
6625 .
As illustrated in [ link ] , loose connective tissue has some fibroblasts ; macrophages are present as well .
A lineage that evolved early from the root and remains unbranched is called basal taxon .
A simulation model is an ecosystem model that is created using complex computer algorithms to holistically model ecosystems and to predict the effects of environmental disturbances on ecosystem structure and dynamics .
[ link ] shows the path of the Standard & Poor ’s 500 index ( which is measured on the left - hand vertical axis ) and the Dow Jones Index ( which is measured on the right - hand vertical axis ) .
They , along with other displaced farmers from throughout the Great Plains , became known as Okies .
Similarly , in matrilocal residence systems , where it is customary for the husband to live with his wife ’s blood relatives ( or her family of orientation ) , the husband can feel disconnected and can be labeled as an outsider .
5250 .
6608 .
3381 .
4653 .
This figure shows the generalized structure of a prokaryotic cell .
Liverworts have colonized every terrestrial habitat on Earth and diversified to more than 7000 existing species ( [ link ] ) .
The New York Times brought back the informational model , which exhibits impartiality and accuracy and promotes transparency in government and politics .
To conduct a case study , a researcher examines existing sources like documents and archival records , conducts interviews , engages in direct observation and even participant observation , if possible . Researchers might use this method to study a single case of , for example , a foster child , drug lord , cancer patient , criminal , or rape victim .
The first microbial mats likely obtained their energy from chemicals found near hydrothermal vents .
5080 .
However , these two functions are performed in separate areas of the ER : the rough ER and the smooth ER , respectively .
As illustrated in [ link ] a
The first pathway is through classical conditioning .
It is important to note that in our definition of money , it ischeckable deposits that are money , not the paper check or the debit card .
Even highly educated skilled workers such as computer programmers have seen their jobs vanish overseas . The automation of the workplace , which replaces workers with technology , is another cause of the changes in the job market .
For example , if you ride a train past a stationary warning bell , you will hear the bell ’s frequency shift from high to low as you pass by .
362 .
Rather , philosophy in this context refers to many different disciplinary perspectives that would be housed in a traditional college of liberal arts and sciences . The requirements to earn a PhD vary from country to country and even from school to school , but usually , individuals earning this degree must complete a dissertation .
5789 .
Some intangible aspects may be promises like a guarantee of satisfaction or money back , a reputation for high quality , services like free delivery , or offering a loan to purchase the product .
The cerebellum ( Latin for “ little brain ” ) , shown in [ link ] , sits at the base of the brain on top of the brainstem .
Although Debs established a tenuous relationship with Samuel Gompers and the American Federation of Labor , some within the Socialist Party favored a more radical political stance than Debs ’s craft union structure .
Granzymes are released along with the perforin in the immunological synapse .
6347 .
Debate has always swirled over these issues .
181 .
Lewis in turn selected William Clark , who had once been his commanding officer , to help him lead the group ( [ link ] ) .
In contrast , middle- and low - income countries like Brazil , Nigeria , India , and China have lower environmental standards .
4689 .
5448 .
The speculation is that large tails carry risk , and only the best males survive that risk : the bigger the tail , the more fit the male .
Gardner ’s theory , which has been refined for more than 30 years , is a more recent development among theories of intelligence .
3997 .
Most of the solutes get reabsorbed in the PCT by a process called tubular reabsorption .
The neoclassical perspective on macroeconomics holds that , in the long run , the economy will fluctuate around its potential GDP and its natural rate of unemployment .
5691 .
In the 1960s , psychiatrists Thomas Holmes and Richard Rahe wanted to examine the link between life stressors and physical illness , based on the hypothesis that life events requiring significant changes in a person ’s normal life routines are stressful , whether these events are desirable or undesirable .
6368 .
Both the fungus and the alga participate in the formation of dispersal units for reproduction .
Price is what the producer receives for selling one unit of a good or service .
The liver is the largest internal organ in humans and it plays a very important role in digestion of fats and detoxifying blood .
6130 .
The most recent impeachment was of President Bill Clinton , brought on by his lying about an extramarital affair with a White House intern named Monica Lewinsky .
6941 .
Many lobbyists also use outside lobbying or indirect lobbying tactics , whereby the interest attempts to get its message out to the public . Ken Kollman .
The autonomic nervous system controls our internal organs and glands and is generally considered to be outside the realm of voluntary control .
Demonstrators were often beaten and arrested , and suffragists were subjected to cruel treatment in jail .
5576 .
U.S. Election Atlas .
1365 .
5380 .
Under the supremacy clause of Article VI , legitimate national laws trump conflicting state laws .
Related to these are Golgi tendon organs , which are tension receptors that detect the force of muscle contraction .
Countries with higher income levels , where a greater share of people have access to the basic necessities of life , may be willing to place a relatively greater emphasis on environmental protection .
Phytoplankton and floating Sargassum ( a type of free - floating marine seaweed ) provide a habitat for some sea life found in the neritic zone .
It is usually the average return over a period of time , usually in years or even decades .
President Obama has made far fewer recess appointments ; as of May 1 , 2015 , he had made only thirty - two .
They are goods at the furthest stage of production at the end of a year .
Noam Chomsky ( 1965 ) criticized this behaviorist approach , asserting instead that the mechanisms underlying language acquisition are biologically determined .
But the internal kinetic energy is zero after the collision .
However , they faced the wrath of defeated but un - reconciled southerners who were determined to keep blacks an impoverished and despised underclass .
The tip of the root is protected by the root cap , a structure exclusive to roots and unlike any other plant structure .
In sickle cell anemia , the shape of the red blood cell is crescent - shaped , elongated , and stiffened , reducing its ability to deliver oxygen ( [ link ] ) .
In this range of the LRAC curve , the average cost of production does not change much as scale rises or falls .
On one side of this debate is the belief that those who provide Internet service , like those who provide electricity and water , should be treated as common carriers , legally prohibited from discriminating based on the customer or nature of the goods .
Frequently , a person who is addicted to drugs and/or alcohol has an additional psychological disorder .
This can happen once every ten years as a result of a constitutionally mandated reapportionment process , in which the number of House seats given to each state is adjusted to account for population changes .
In the fluorescence process , an atom is excited to a level several steps above its ground state by the absorption of a relatively high - energy UV photon .
The individuals performing the imitated behavior are called models .
2979 .
3408 .
We ’ve stated that theories and hypotheses are ideas , but what sort of ideas are they , exactly ?
Job burnout occurs frequently among those in human service jobs ( e.g. , social workers , teachers , therapists , and police officers ) .
1094 .
The Fourth Amendment sits at the boundary between general individual freedoms and the rights of those suspected of crimes .
Media consolidation is a process in which fewer and fewer owners control the majority of media outlets .
Thus , smaller states would have the same power in the national legislature as larger states .
A related process is demedicalization , in which “ sick ” behavior is normalized again .
Sanctions are a form of social control , a way to encourage conformity to cultural norms .
This process can ensure that multiple external requirements are met before a cell commits to a specific response .
For example , people who describe themselves as evangelical Christians are an important Republican constituency ; they are also strongly opposed to abortion . Aaron Blake , “ The Ten Most Loyal Demographic Groups for Republicans and Democrats , ” The Washington Post , 8 April 2015 .
Goods where demand declines as income rises ( or conversely , where the demand rises as income falls ) are called “ inferior goods . ” An inferior good occurs when people trim back on a good as income rises , because they can now afford the more expensive choices that they prefer .
Although the sensory systems associated with these senses are very different , all share a common function : to convert a stimulus ( such as light , or sound , or the position of the body ) into an electrical signal in the nervous system .
2011 .
To analyze the sources of economic growth , it is useful to think about a production function , which is the process of turning economic inputs like labor , machinery , and raw materials into outputs like goods and services used by consumers .
Invertebrates such as earthworms , slugs , tapeworms and snails , shown in [ link ] , are often hermaphroditic .
Probably the most famous case of frontal lobe damage is that of a man by the name of Phineas Gage .
Distinct from self - efficacy , which involves our belief in our own abilities , locus of control refers to our beliefs about the power we have over our lives .
According to Friedman and Rosenman , these individuals exhibit Type A behavior pattern ; those who are more relaxed and laid - back were characterized as Type B ( [ link ] ) .
The Right to Vote : The Contested History of Democracy in the United States .
4098 .
2700 .
Therefore , using rhizobia is a natural and environmentally friendly way to fertilize plants , as opposed to chemical fertilization that uses a nonrenewable resource , such as natural gas .
5893 .
There are many different types of schemata , and they all have one thing in common : schemata are a method of organizing information that allows the brain to work more efficiently .
Intrapersonal topics ( those that pertain to the individual ) include emotions and attitudes , the self , and social cognition ( the ways in which we think about ourselves and others ) .
In the secular sphere , the settlement house movement of the 1890s provided additional relief .
Farsightedness , or hyperopia , is the inability to see close objects clearly while distant objects may be clear .
One of the characteristics of senescence is the breakdown of chloroplasts , which is characterized by the yellowing of leaves .
She fought against foot binding , a cultural tradition where girls ’ feet were tightly bound to keep them from growing , and shared her personal food and money when those around her were suffering .
4138 .
Banks as Financial IntermediariesAn “ intermediary ” is one who stands between two other parties .
Meissner ’s corpuscles respond to pressure and lower frequency vibrations , and Pacinian corpuscles detect transient pressure and higher frequency vibrations .
To demonstrate loyalty to their adopted country , a force led by Stephen Austin hastened to Nacogdoches to support the Mexican army .
For example , a 20ºC20ºC temperature , the 250 kilocalories ( 250 Calories ) of energy in a candy bar , a 90 km / h speed limit , a person ’s 1.8 m height , and a distance of 2.0 m are all scalars — quantities with no specified direction .
They lack cartilage and therefore rely on inhaled air to support their shape .
Instead of rewarding only the target behavior , in shaping , we reward successive approximations of a target behavior .
Monosaccharides ( mono- = “ one ” ; sacchar- = “ sweet ” ) are simple sugars , the most common of which is glucose .
2728 .
The growing number of cars on the road changed consumption patterns , and drive - in and drive - through convenience stores , restaurants , and movie theaters began to dot the landscape .
In order for a trade deficit to take place , foreign countries must provide loans or investments , which they are willing to do because they expect they will be repaid eventually ( that the deficit will become a surplus ) .
5649 .
2671 .
1996 .
However , as Federalist ideals fell out of favor , ordinary men from the middle and lower classes increasingly questioned the idea that property ownership was an indication of virtue .
Aldosterone release is stimulated by a decrease in blood sodium levels , blood volume , or blood pressure , or an increase in blood potassium levels .
1506 .
Phillips , an economist at the London School of Economics , was studying the Keynesian analytical framework .
An atypical type of asexual reproduction is found only in freshwater sponges and occurs through the formation of gemmules .
Osteons are cylindrical structures that contain a mineral matrix and living osteocytes connected by canaliculi , which transport blood .
Maslow ( 1950 , 1970 ) found that such people share similar characteristics , such as being open , creative , loving , spontaneous , compassionate , concerned for others , and accepting of themselves .
Of course , doing a test cross in humans is unethical and impractical .
This creates an oligopoly in which a few firms dominate the media marketplace .
An antiporter also carries two different ions or molecules , but in different directions .
1209 .
An example of such a behavior occurs in the three - spined stickleback , a small freshwater fish ( [ link ] ) .
The United States operated with a flurry of different notes from multiple state banks and no coherent regulation .
5564 .
865 .
Plasmids can be transferred independently of the bacterial chromosome during cell division and often carry traits such as antibiotic resistance . Transcription in prokaryotes ( and in eukaryotes ) requires the DNA double helix to partially unwind in the region of mRNA synthesis .
Moving the forearm upward at the elbow or moving the wrist to move the hand toward the forearm are examples of flexion .
Sociologists study all aspects and levels of society .
4250 .
The challenge for a human ecologist working in U.S. urban planning is to design landscapes and waterscapes with natural beauty , while also figuring out how to provide for free - flowing transport of innumerable vehicles , not to mention parking !
CourtsOnce a crime has been committed and a violator has been identified by the police , the case goes to court .
Spongy bone is made of tiny plates called trabeculae these plates serve as struts to give the spongy bone strength .
Likewise , the most senior justice in the dissenting group can assign a member of that group to write the dissenting opinion ; however , any justice who disagrees with the majority may write a separate dissenting opinion .
The turgor pressure within a plant cell depends on the tonicity of the solution that it is bathed in .
The condensed chromosomes are viewed within the nucleus ( top ) , removed from a cell in mitosis and spread out on a slide ( right ) , and artificially arranged according to length ( left ) ; an arrangement like this is called a karyotype .
6229 .
We can loosely define energy as the ability to do work , admitting that in some circumstances not all energy is available to do work .
4197 .
Mitochondrial remnant organelles , called mitosomes , have since been identified in diplomonads , but these mitosomes are essentially nonfunctional .
Expressive crowds are people who join together to express emotion , often at funerals , weddings , or the like .
The scientific definition of linear momentum is consistent with most people ’s intuitive understanding of momentum : a large , fast - moving object has greater momentum than a smaller , slower object .
The average number of crossovers between two alleles — that is , their recombination frequency — correlated with their genetic distance from each other , relative to the locations of other genes on that chromosome .
1222 .
Most copy machines use an electrostatic process called xerography — a word coined from the Greek words xeros for dry and graphos for writing .
5376 .
There is evidence that the fungus is native to Africa and may have been spread throughout the world by transport of a commonly used laboratory and pet species : the African clawed toad ( Xenopus laevis ) . 2120 .
This occurs in the kidney , where blood pressure forces large amounts of water and accompanying dissolved substances , or solutes , out of the blood and into the renal tubules .
The chief problem with attempting to buy stock in companies that will have higher prices in the future is that many other financial investors are trying to do the same thing .
The GCCI is a United States Agency for International Development ( USAID ) funding program intended to improve the economic and environmental sustainability of peripheral and semi - peripheral countries by encouraging the use of alternative , low - carbon , energy sources with financial incentives .
The Union soldiers who had died at Gettysburg , he proclaimed , had died not only to preserve the Union , but also to guarantee freedom and equality for all .
When the new year starts , do you find you accidentally write the previous year ?
The nation ’s experiences during the depression of 1896 and the Great Depression of the 1930s also led to more robust regulatory policies designed to improve the transparency of financial markets and prevent monopolies from forming .
Workplace violence is any act or threat of physical violence , harassment , intimidation , or other threatening , disruptive behavior that occurs at the workplace .
The human small intestine is over 6 m long and is divided into three parts : the duodenum , the jejunum , and the ileum .
During the late 1960s and early 1970s , efforts to tackle these problems were stymied by large - scale public opposition , not just in the South but across the nation .
Instead of exchanging accounting services for shoes , the accountant now exchanges accounting services for money .
3970 .
4258 .
For example , although suicide is generally considered an individual phenomenon , Émile Durkheim was interested in studying the social factors that affect it .
Everywhere in the Americas , a crushing demand for labor bedeviled Europeans because there were not enough colonists to perform the work necessary to keep the colonies going .
Semi - peripheral nations are in - between nations , not powerful enough to dictate policy but nevertheless acting as a major source for raw material and an expanding middle - class marketplace for core nations , while also exploiting peripheral nations .
Alternatively , a financial investor might buy a share of stock in Wal - Mart for $ 45 and then later sell that share of stock to someone else for $ 60 , for a gain of $ 15 .
1795 .
In the DSM-5 , Gender Dysphoria is a condition of people whose gender at birth is contrary to the one they identify with .
Disorders of chromosome number include the duplication or loss of entire chromosomes , as well as changes in the number of complete sets of chromosomes .
The erogenous zone in this stage is the genitals .
5704 .
2959 .
Congressional apportionment today is achieved through the equal proportions method , which uses a mathematical formula to allocate seats based on U.S. Census Bureau population data , gathered every ten years as required by the Constitution .
Parties prefer this method , because it ensures the nominee is picked by voters who legitimately support the party .
6157 .
When this nomenclature was developed , capitalistic democracies such as the United States and Japan were considered part of the first world .
1979 .
3563 .
These diseases generally worsen over time as more and more neurons die .
As expected , global companies move their industrial processes to the places where they can get the most production with the least cost , including the building of infrastructure , training of workers , shipping of goods , and , of course , paying employee wages .
4421 .
While most white people are willing to admit that nonwhite people live with a set of disadvantages due to the color of their skin , very few are willing to acknowledge the benefits they receive .
A thermal hazard occurs when there is electrical overheating .
In a 5 – 4 decision , the justices determined that freedom of the press did not extend to the confidentiality of sources .
2977 .
Thus , even though the goal of a soft peg policy is to reduce short - term fluctuations of the exchange rate , the existence of the policy — when anticipated in the foreign exchange market — may sometimes increase short - term fluctuations as international investors try to anticipate how and when the central bank will act .
In many ecosystems , the bottom of the food chain consists of photosynthetic organisms ( plants and / or phytoplankton ) , which are called primary producers .
One of these was the Alliance for Progress , which collaborated with the governments of Latin American countries to promote economic growth and social stability in nations whose populations might find themselves drawn to communism .
6900 .
This is a form of non - associative learning , as the stimulus is not associated with any punishment or reward .
Chemical reactions occur when two or more atoms bond together to form molecules or when bonded atoms are broken apart .
From the time the printing press was created ( and even before ) , technology has influenced how and where information is shared .
So great was the belief that this would be a climactic Union victory that many Washington socialites and politicians brought picnic lunches to a nearby area , hoping to witness history unfolding before them .
Neutrophils have a nucleus with two to five lobes , and they contain organelles , called lysosomes , that digest engulfed pathogens .
Instead , however , Senator Ted Cruz used the confirmation hearing to question the Vietnam War hero ’s patriotism .
The rate at which the body uses food energy to sustain life and to do different activities is called the metabolic rate .
Breaching experiments uncover and explore the many unwritten social rules we live by . Norms may be further classified as either mores or folkways .
To accomplish this , the Na+ channels close and can not be opened .
Growth in GDP can be explained by increases and investment in physical capital and human capital per person as well as advances in technology .
Federally funded health - care programs jumped from $ 43.8 billion in 1990 to $ 320 billion in 2014 .
4465 .
One important structure within the limbic system is a temporal lobe structure called the amygdala ( Greek for “ almond ” ) , illustrated in [ link ] .
5977 .
Nondurable goods are things like groceries — once you consume them , they are gone .
Here ’s an example of how this happens .
4956 .
Speeding is a deviant act , but receiving a speeding ticket generally does not make others view you as a bad person , nor does it alter your own self - concept .
6498 .
In a simple leaf , the blade is either completely undivided — as in the banana leaf — or it has lobes , but the separation does not reach the midrib , as in the maple leaf .
The judicial branch has often made decisions the other branches were either unwilling or unable to make , and Hamilton was right in Federalist No. 78 when he said that without the courts exercising their duty to defend the Constitution , “ all the reservations of particular rights or privileges would amount to nothing . ”
The previous module explored how price affects the quantity demanded and the quantity supplied .
Roosevelt would sit down and explain his ideas and actions directly to the people on a regular basis , confident that he could convince voters of their value .
2145 .
Initially , the newly discovered particulate nature of genes made it difficult for biologists to understand how gradual evolution could occur .
713 .
Their willingness to work for less money than whites led white workers in California to call for a ban on Chinese immigration .
This begins the neuron 's refractory period , in which it can not produce another action potential because its sodium channels will not open .
Somatic cells are sometimes referred to as “ body ” cells .
This structure allows rotational movement , as the rounded bone moves around its own axis .
So , for the most part , the Supreme Court is an appeals court , operating under appellate jurisdiction and hearing appeals from the lower courts .
These orbits form electron shells or energy levels , which are a way of visualizing the number of electrons in the outermost shells .
3299 .
When two physical quantities are plotted against one another in such a graph , the horizontal axis is usually considered to be an independent variable and the vertical axis a dependent variable .
Their mRNA is produced by transcription in much the same way as with cellular DNA .
5275 .
5119 .
When heat energy from the sun strikes the Earth , gases known as greenhouse gases trap the heat in the atmosphere , as do the glass panes of a greenhouse keep heat from escaping .
The Bill of Rights was intended to quiet the fears of Anti - Federalists that the Constitution did not adequately protect individual liberties and thus encourage their support of the new national government .
Whitney also worked on machine tools , devices that cut and shaped metal to make standardized , interchangeable parts for other mechanical devices like clocks and guns .
3315 .
3660 .
Holography is the process of producing holograms and , although they are recorded on photographic film , the process is quite different from normal photography .
1893 .
The Act is named after Jeanne Clery , who in 1986 was raped and murdered by a fellow student in her Lehigh University dorm room .
When both mating types are present in the same mycelium , it is called homothallic , or self - fertile .
6409 .
Continuous variation results from the action of many genes to determine a characteristic like human height .
The various hunger and satiety signals that are involved in the regulation of eating are integrated in the brain .
5029 .
The potential of pure water ( Ψwpure H2O ) is , by convenience of definition , designated a value of zero ( even though pure water contains plenty of potential energy , that energy is ignored ) .
Perceived control is our beliefs about our personal capacity to exert influence over and shape outcomes , and it has major implications for our health and happiness ( Infurna & Gerstorf , 2014 ) .
The idea behind opportunity cost is that the cost of one item is the lost opportunity to do or consume something else ; in short , opportunity cost is the value of the next best alternative .
Informal sanctions emerge in face - to - face social interactions .
This is the percentage of adults in an economy who are either employed or who are unemployed and looking for a job .
As of 2009 , the largest megachurch in the United States was in Houston Texas , boasting an average weekly attendance of more than 43,000 ( Bogan 2009 ) .
Most fisheries are managed as a common ( shared ) resource even when the fishing territory lies within a country ’s territorial waters .
2541 .
Most of the common diseases , such as heart disease , are multi - factored or polygenic , which is a phenotypic characteristic that involves two or more genes , and also involve environmental factors such as diet .
In the first chapter , Smith introduces the division of labor , which means that the way a good or service is produced is divided into a number of tasks that are performed by different workers , instead of all the tasks being done by the same person .
2521 .
The labia majora derive from the same tissue that produces the scrotum in a male .
The Elementary and Secondary Education Act ( 1965 ) , the Higher Education Act ( 1965 ) , and the Head Start preschool program ( 1965 ) were established to expand educational opportunities and equality ( [ link ] ) .
Eddy currents can produce significant drag , called magnetic damping , on the motion involved .
In a direct democracy , unlike representative democracy , people participate directly in making government decisions .
A tension is a force along the length of a medium , especially a force carried by a flexible medium , such as a rope or cable .
The part that is grafted or attached is called the scion .
6904 .
Some party primaries even allow registered independents or members of the opposite party to vote .
The term “ bully pulpit ” was coined by President Theodore Roosevelt , who believed the presidency commanded the attention of the media and could be used to appeal directly to the people .
6558 .
Within the pelagic realm is the photic zone , which is the portion of the ocean that light can penetrate ( approximately 200 m or 650 ft ) .
What Hath God Wrought : The Transformation of America , 1815 - 1848 .
1474 .
Irreversible processes involve dissipative factors , such as friction and turbulence .
First , banks in Turkey borrow in a widely used currency like U.S. dollars or euros , then convert those U.S. dollars to lira , and then lend the money to borrowers in Turkey .
Many of these drugs act as agonists of the dopamine neurotransmitter system .
A firm depends on its insiders to grease the wheels of the organization , to be familiar with routine procedures , to train new employees , and so on .
That is , some males — often the bigger , stronger , or more decorated males — get the vast majority of the total matings , while others receive none .
Amalgamation creates the classic “ melting pot ” analogy ; unlike the “ salad bowl , ” in which each culture retains its individuality , the “ melting pot ” ideal sees the combination of cultures that results in a new culture entirely .
4254 .
5265 .
4558 .
When we support a free price system [ for goods and services ] at home , this does not imply that we favor a system in which prices fluctuate wildly up and down .
Communication between cells is called intercellular signaling , and communication within a cell is called intracellular signaling .
With the passage of the Immigration Act of 1924 , all Asians , with the exception of Filipinos , were prevented from immigrating to the United States or becoming naturalized citizens .
Soon the dogs stopped responding to the tone .
4887 .
We start by assuming that
7038 .
2456 .
Air in the lungs is measured in terms of lung volumes and lung capacities ( [ link ] and [ link ] ) .
3500 .
Realizing all this , Yukawa used the information on the range of the strong nuclear force to estimate the mass of the pion , the particle that carries it .
Presbyopia occurs because the image focuses behind the retina .
6252 .
The study of motion is kinematics , but kinematics only describes the way objects move — their velocity and their acceleration .
A central bank has the power to create money .
856 .
2654 .
In some countries , this pattern of a twin deficits has set the stage for international financial investors first to send their funds to a country and cause an appreciation of its exchange rate and then to pull their funds out and cause a depreciation of the exchange rate and a financial crisis as well .
1585 .
When fully compact , the pairs of identically packed chromosomes are bound to each other by cohesin proteins .
2921 .
810 .
An inheritance pattern in which an allele is only lethal in the homozygous form and in which the heterozygote may be normal or have some altered non - lethal phenotype is referred to as recessive lethal . For crosses between heterozygous individuals with a recessive lethal allele that causes death before birth when homozygous , only wild - type homozygotes and heterozygotes would be observed .
The establishment clause today tends to be interpreted a bit more broadly than in the past ; it not only forbids the creation of a “ Church of the United States ” or “ Church of Ohio ” it also forbids the government from favoring one set of religious beliefs over others or favoring religion ( of any variety ) over non - religion .
1875 .
4999 .
Alfred Adler , a colleague of Freud ’s and the first president of the Vienna Psychoanalytical Society ( Freud ’s inner circle of colleagues ) , was the first major theorist to break away from Freud ( [ link ] ) .
In 1891 , the alliance formed the Populist Party , or People ’s Party , as it was more widely known .
They also have other important functions , such as tumor surveillance .
The testes are a pair of male reproductive organs that produce sperm and some reproductive hormones .
Root hairs , which are extensions of root epidermal cells , increase the surface area of the root , greatly contributing to the absorption of water and minerals .
In his 1949 inaugural address , Truman referred to his programs as the “ Fair Deal , ” a nod to his predecessor ’s New Deal .
Since the negative effects of inflation depend in large part on having inflation unexpectedly affect one part of the economy but not another — say , increasing the prices that people pay but not the wages that workers receive — indexing will take some of the sting out of inflation .
It involves a process of comparison .
5372 .
Remember that the amount of money and credit in an economy is determined by a money multiplier — a process of loans being made , money being deposited , and more loans being made .
Each pit used to record sound along this line moves through the same angle in the same amount of time .
The amount of discharge is related to the amount of ionizing radiation encountered , a measurement of dose .
Keyssar , 214 .
It is often called an entitlement program since it guarantees benefits to a particular group , and virtually everyone will eventually qualify for the plan given the relatively low requirements for enrollment .
3976 .
To understand how elements come together , we must first discuss the smallest component or building block of an element , the atom .
Cortisol is commonly known as a stress hormone and helps provide that boost of energy when we first encounter a stressor , preparing us to run away or fight .
Some cells enter G0 temporarily until an external signal triggers the onset of G1 .
3569 .
The Gerontology Research Group ( 2014 ) estimates there are between 300 and 450 people worldwide who are at least 110 years of age .
Useful work requires a force exerted through a distance on the outside world , and so it excludes internal work , such as that done by the heart when pumping blood .
4570 .
The Social Security program offers two examples of indexing .
Exotic species are species that have been intentionally or unintentionally introduced by humans into an ecosystem in which they did not evolve .
However , for a few goods , an increase in income means that one might purchase less of the good ; for example , those with a higher income might buy fewer hamburgers , because they are buying more steak instead , or those with a higher income might buy less cheap wine and more imported beer .
Within the pelagic realm is the photic zone , which is the portion of the ocean that light can penetrate ( approximately 200 m or 650 ft ) .
He was the first African American to play baseball in the National League , breaking the color barrier .
Members of Urochordata are also known as tunicates ( [ link ] ) .
He or she becomes the spokesperson for the entire state and their political party , accepts blame or praise for handling decision - making in times of crisis , oversees the implementation of public policy , and helps shepherd legislation through the lawmaking process .
6911 .
The authors examine the effectiveness of three coping strategies : focusing on racial identity to handle race - related stress , anger expression / suppression , and seeking social support .
With the uninvolved style of parenting , the parents are indifferent , uninvolved , and sometimes referred to as neglectful .
The U.S. government sets a minimum wage , a price floor that makes it illegal for an employer to pay employees less than a certain hourly rate .
Thus , the United States is a constitution - based federal republic in which citizens elect representatives to make policy decisions on their behalf .
Congress also passed a series of three laws designed to stamp out the Klan .
2404 .
If the process can go in only one direction , then the reverse path differs fundamentally and the process can not be reversible .
If the Commons had the balance of power , democracy or mob rule would prevail .
In the 1982 governor ’s race in California , Tom Bradley was far ahead in the polls , yet on Election Day he lost .
The materials and methods section includes a complete and accurate description of the substances used , and the method and techniques used by the researchers to gather data .
Included in the Federalists was President George Washington , who was initially against the existence of parties in the United States .
The cycle of rewarding those who possess cultural capital is found in formal educational curricula as well as in the hidden curriculum , which refers to the type of nonacademic knowledge that students learn through informal learning and cultural transmission .
When the Republican president and Congress were not seen as moving aggressively enough to fix the situation , the Democrats won the 1932 election in overwhelming fashion .
Once we have engaged in a behavior that successfully reduces a drive , we are more likely to engage in that behavior whenever faced with that drive in the future ( Graham & Weiner , 1996 ) .
The second world was the in - between category : nations not as limited in development as the third world , but not as well off as the first world , having moderate economies and standard of living , such as China or Cuba .
A proteome is the entire set of proteins produced by a cell type .
We call this an excess supply or a surplus .
Understanding the different types is important because a person ’s age or particular types of brain trauma or disorders can leave certain types of LTM intact while having disastrous consequences for other types .
For that matter , the Articles of Confederation had not included a specific listing of rights either .
Greenhouse gases are probably the most significant drivers of the climate .
Gold , silver , cowrie shells , cigarettes , and even cocoa beans have been used as money .
While distributive policy , according to Lowi , has diffuse costs and concentrated benefits , regulatory policy features the opposite arrangement , with concentrated costs and diffuse benefits .
2482 .
Single - pass integral membrane proteins usually have a hydrophobic transmembrane segment that consists of 20 – 25 amino acids .
First , although both a monopolist and a monopolistic competitor face downward - sloping demand curves , the monopolist ’s perceived demand curve is the market demand curve , while the perceived demand curve for a monopolistic competitor is based on the extent of its product differentiation and how many competitors it faces .
2488 .
Sympatric speciation ( sym- = " same " ; -patric = " homeland " ) involves speciation occurring within a parent species remaining in one location .
Political parties that are formed as alternatives to the Republican and Democratic parties are known as third parties , or minor parties ( [ link ] ) .
The androecium has stamens with anthers that contain the microsporangia .
For this reason , pensions are called “ defined benefits ” plans .
1375 .
Carbonic acid is an unstable intermediate molecule that immediately dissociates into bicarbonate ions
1725 .
Personality traits are relatively consistent patterns of thought and behavior , and many have proposed that five trait dimensions are sufficient to capture the variations in personality seen across individuals .
Many nations belong both to the World Trade Organization and to regional trading agreements .
Some scholars believe that between nine and fifteen thousand years ago , a land bridge existed between Asia and North America that we now call Beringia .
This results in a more complete law , called Ampere ’s law , which relates magnetic field and current in a general way .
2833 .
4079 .
5608 .
3791 .
940 .
As discussed in Motional Emf , motional emf is induced when a conductor moves in a magnetic field or when a magnetic field moves relative to a conductor .
Just as individuals need to borrow money to purchase homes , so businesses need financing when they purchase big ticket items .
3418 .
3528 .
Runners are a type of stolon that runs above the ground and produces new clone plants at nodes at varying intervals : strawberries are an example .
3690 .
Monocots and dicots differ in their patterns of venation ( [ link ] ) .
2580 .
An example is the pineapple , where the flowers fuse together to form the fruit .
Think for a moment about the differences in receptive fields for the different senses .
4599 .
We have yet to discuss money and its role in helping to achieve our macroeconomic goals .
Land proposed , based partly on his many elegant experiments , that the three types of cones are organized into systems called retinexes .
Whether any specific item qualifies as pork can be controversial , of course , but at least by this measure , pork - barrel spending totaled $ 2.7 billion in 2014.Pork - barrel spending can be encouraged by logrolling , an action in which all members of a group of legislators agree to vote for a package of otherwise unrelated laws that they individually favor .
The advantage to this arrangement is that high pressure in the vessels pushes blood to the lungs and body .
See Lynne Olson .
A system composed of two identical , parallel conducting plates separated by a distance , as in [ link ] , is called a parallel plate capacitor .
1054 .
Thus , cognitive psychology is the area of psychology that focuses on studying cognitions , or thoughts , and their relationship to our experiences and our actions .
A species is a group of individual organisms that interbreed and produce fertile , viable offspring .
Abraham Maslow ( 1908 – 1970 ) was an American psychologist who is best known for proposing a hierarchy of human needs in motivating behavior ( [ link ] ) .
Primary feathers are located at the tip of the wing and provide thrust .
This method lets researchers experience a specific aspect of social life .
In 2008 , however , it was impossible to stimulate the economy any further by lowering short term rates because they were already as low as they could get .
Particles are made to travel the same distance in a shorter time with each cycle in fixed - radius orbits .
2043 .
Jaime Fuller , “ From George Washington to Shaun McCutcheon : A Brief - ish History of Campaign Finance Reform , ” Washington Post , 3 April 2014 .
6456 .
He wanted the Fair Deal to include Americans of color and became the first president to address the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People ( NAACP ) .
In the previous section we discussed that the motivation to reduce cognitive dissonance leads us to change our attitudes , behaviors , and/or cognitions to make them consonant .
Dorsiflexion is a bending at the ankle such that the toes are lifted toward the knee .
2967 .
Economists and scientists working for Big Drug have compiled a list of potential research and development projects and estimated rates of return .
It is important to break down macromolecules into smaller fragments that are of suitable size for absorption across the digestive epithelium .
2430 .
It is also independent of cardiac output .
The chest wall expands out and away from the lungs .
In 1914 , the Clayton Antitrust Act outlawed mergers and acquisitions ( where the outcome would be to “ substantially lessen competition ” in an industry ) , price discrimination ( where different customers are charged different prices for the same product ) , and tied sales ( where purchase of one product commits the buyer to purchase some other product ) .
A larger law firm may be owned jointly by its partners .
Disgusted by the result , the Barnburners united with antislavery Whigs and former members of the Liberty Party to form a new political party — the Free - Soil Party , which took as its slogan “ Free Soil , Free Speech , Free Labor , and Free Men . ”
Other states , such as Alabama , Alaska , Arizona , Georgia , and Virginia similarly had laws and districting changes blocked .
6631 .
At that time Yerkes was the president of the 25-year - old American Psychological Association ( APA ) .
Air resistance opposes the motion of an object through the air , while friction between objects — such as between clothes and a laundry chute or between a stone and a pool into which it is dropped — also opposes motion between them .
For example , in experiments performed on the garden pea , it was discovered that the color of the flower and shape of the plant ’s pollen were linked traits , and therefore the genes encoding these traits were in close proximity on the same chromosome .
” Miller v. California , 413 U.S. 15 ( 1973 ) .
In the female cone , megaspore mother cells are present in the megasporangium .
Glial cells , which outnumber neurons ten to one , are traditionally thought to play a supportive role to neurons , both physically and metabolically .
1095 .
2294 .
The phyla in this group have a hard cuticle that covers their bodies , which must be periodically shed and replaced for them to increase in size . Phylum Nematoda includes more than 28,000 species with an estimated 16,000 being parasitic in nature .
This universally obeyed law of nature is called the law of conservation of charge .
Van Buren ’s political machine helped radically transform New York politics .
3062 .
During karyogamy ( “ nuclear marriage ” ) , the haploid nuclei fuse to form a diploid zygote nucleus .
All properties of a nucleus are determined by the number of protons and neutrons it has .
These gyri and sulci form important landmarks that allow us to separate the brain into functional centers .
One of the first designs of the family life cycle was developed by Paul Glick in 1955 .
Finally , exchange theory ( Dowd 1975 ) , a rational choice approach , suggests we experience an increased dependence as we age and must increasingly submit to the will of others because we have fewer ways of compelling others to submit to us .
Interpersonal topics ( those that pertain to dyads and groups ) include helping behavior ( [ link ] ) , aggression , prejudice and discrimination , attraction and close relationships , and group processes and intergroup relationships .
President Bush , despite growing public disapproval for the war in Iraq , did not end military support in Iraq after 2006 .
But if you do not feed her following the electric mixer sound , and you continue to feed her consistently after the electric can opener sound , she will quickly learn to discriminate between the two sounds ( provided they are sufficiently dissimilar that she can tell them apart).Sometimes , classical conditioning can lead to habituation .
While these laws intended to create transparency in campaign funding , government did not have the power to stop the high levels of money entering elections , and little was done to enforce the laws .
When present , the cell has just one flagellum or a few flagella .
Barack Obama ’s choice for a running mate and subsequent two - term vice president , former Senator Joseph Biden , was picked for his experience , especially in foreign policy .
The levels of the four cyclin proteins fluctuate throughout the cell cycle in a predictable pattern ( [ link ] ) .
The mRNA product is complementary to the template strand and is almost identical to the other DNA strand , called the nontemplate strand .
What this implies is that white light is spread out according to wavelength in a rainbow .
The final entry under assets is reserves , which is money that the bank keeps on hand , and that is not loaned out or invested in bonds — and thus does not lead to interest payments .
Hostile aggression is motivated by feelings of anger with intent to cause pain ; a fight in a bar with a stranger is an example of hostile aggression .
Nate Silver , a political blogger , noticed that polls on the marijuana proposition were inconsistent , sometimes showing the proposition would pass and other times showing it would fail .
2783 .
[ link ] illustrates two common vision defects .
4737 .
The marginal cost of pollution reduction , like most most marginal cost curves increases with output , at least in the short run .
Hearing is the perception of sound , just as vision is the perception of visible light .
These are the amounts held in checking accounts .
Portions of the budget not devoted to mandatory spending are categorized as discretionary spending because Congress must pass legislation to authorize money to be spent each year .
Within each muscle fiber are myofibrils — long cylindrical structures that lie parallel to the muscle fiber .
The magnetic field of a long straight wire has more implications than you might at first suspect .
Pluralism is represented by the ideal of the United States as a “ salad bowl ” : a great mixture of different cultures where each culture retains its own identity and yet adds to the flavor of the whole .
314 .
This appendix presents an alternative approach to describing personal preferences , called indifference curves , which avoids any need for using numbers to measure utility .
Deindustrialization , a related issue , occurs as a consequence of capital flight , as no new companies open to replace jobs lost to foreign nations .
As opposed to a closed system , arthropods — including insects , crustaceans , and most mollusks — have an open circulatory system , as illustrated in [ link ] b .
5631 .
A continuous positive airway pressure ( CPAP ) device includes a mask that fits over the sleeper ’s nose and mouth , which is connected to a pump that pumps air into the person ’s airways , forcing them to remain open , as shown in [ link ] .
Chromosomes become more condensed and discrete .
September 4 , 2013 . http://www.people-press.org/2013/09/03/public-opinion-runs-against-syrian-airstrikes/ ( February 18 , 2016 ) .
The primary class of lipid hormones in humans is the steroid hormones .
A caucus is a meeting of party members in which nominees are selected informally .
From the Great Depression of the 1930s until 1996 , the United States ’ most visible antipoverty program was Aid to Families with Dependent Children ( AFDC ) , which provided cash payments to mothers with children who were below the poverty line .
The law of diminishing marginal utility explains why people and societies rarely make all - or - nothing choices .
When this nomenclature was developed , capitalistic democracies such as the United States and Japan were considered part of the first world .
It is well - established that exercise , both of long ( aerobic ) and short ( anaerobic ) duration , is beneficial for both physical and mental health ( Everly & Lating , 2002 ) .
1579 .
The margin of error is a number that states how far the poll results may be from the actual opinion of the total population of citizens .
When an in - frame AUG is encountered during translation elongation , a non - formylated methionine is inserted by a regular Met - tRNAMet . In E. coli mRNA , a sequence upstream of the first AUG codon , called the Shine - Dalgarno sequence ( AGGAGG ) , interacts with the rRNA molecules that compose the ribosome .
Ligands can thus be thought of as signaling molecules .
5227 .
2212 .
U.S. president Barack Obama and Russian president Vladimir Putin shake hands for the cameras during the G8 Summit held June 17 – 18 , 2013 , at Lough Erne in Northern Ireland .
Current sensitivity is the current that gives a full - scale deflection of the galvanometer ’s needle , the maximum current that the instrument can measure .
6321 .
These proteins are moved to the proteasome , an organelle that functions to remove proteins , to be degraded ( [ link ] ) .
333 .
The presidential election contest of 1840 marked the culmination of the democratic revolution that swept the United States .
1246 .
1298 .
3734 .
The beadlike , histone DNA complex is called a nucleosome , and DNA connecting the nucleosomes is called linker DNA .
Unitary elasticities indicate proportional responsiveness of either demand or supply , as summarized in [ link ] .
900 .
Like all gymnosperms , pines are heterosporous and generate two different types of spores : male microspores and female megaspores .
Known as the Lost Generation , writers like F. Scott Fitzgerald , Ernest Hemingway , Sinclair Lewis , Edith Wharton , and John Dos Passos expressed their hopelessness and despair by skewering the middle class in their work .
5601 .
The youth and glamour that John F. Kennedy and first lady Jacqueline brought to the White House in the early 1960s ( a ) helped give rise to the legend of “ one brief shining moment that was Camelot ” after Kennedy ’s presidency was cut short by his assassination on November 22 , 1963 .
It also describes procedures for filing , investigating , and resolving complaints of unethical conduct .
This central cell later fuses with a sperm to form the triploid endosperm .
Within the chloroplast are stacked , disc - shaped structures called thylakoids .
5167 .
Arizona has been one of the states at the forefront of immigration federalism .
The desire of Keynesians to create a minimal level of aggregate demand , coupled with a Depression - era preference to promote social welfare policy , led the president and Congress to develop a federal budget with spending divided into two broad categories : mandatory and discretionary ( see [ link ] ) .
For some experts , the natural sciences are astronomy , biology , chemistry , earth science , and physics .
6868 .
1972 .
This also helps reduce the risks associated with inbreeding , the mating of closely related individuals , which can have the undesirable effect of bringing together deleterious recessive mutations that can cause abnormalities and susceptibility to disease .
Once an odor molecule has bound a given receptor , chemical changes within the cell result in signals being sent to the olfactory bulb : a bulb - like structure at the tip of the frontal lobe where the olfactory nerves begin .
In contrast , some living systems use an inorganic molecule as a final electron acceptor .
Some of a ribosome ’s RNA molecules are purely structural , whereas others have catalytic or binding activities .
6310 .
1152 .
4232 .
673 .
6832 .
This structure is sometimes called the “ IMRaD ” format .
4912 .
Du Bois served as the influential director of publications for the NAACP from its inception until 1933 .
This epithelial cell - lined coelomic cavity represents a space , usually filled with fluid , which lies between the visceral organs and the body wall .
To those who argued that a merchant and land - owning elite would come to dominate Congress , Hamilton countered that the majority of men currently sitting in New York ’s state senate and assembly were landowners of moderate wealth and that artisans usually chose merchants , “ their natural patron [ s ] and friend [ s ] , ” to represent them .
Critics of market - oriented economies argue that society does not really need dozens of different athletic shoes or breakfast cereals or automobiles .
Specialized cells of the sporophyte will undergo meiosis and produce haploid spores .
Map designers , no longer certain how to protect individual party members , changed tactics to try and create safe seats so members of their party could be assured of winning by a comfortable margin .
5361 .
5302 .
5174 .
The food ’s passage through the gastrointestinal tract also provides important satiety signals to the brain ( Woods , 2004 ) , and fat cells release leptin , a satiety hormone .
In contrast to Skinner ’s idea that the environment alone determines behavior , Bandura ( 1990 ) proposed the concept of reciprocal determinism , in which cognitive processes , behavior , and context all interact , each factor influencing and being influenced by the others simultaneously ( [ link ] ) .
The economic philosophy of mercantilism shaped European perceptions of wealth from the 1500s to the late 1700s .
If the genes are unlinked , the individual should produce AB , Ab , aB , and ab gametes with equal frequencies , according to the Mendelian concept of independent assortment .
This tissue enables the monocot leaf blade to increase in length from the leaf base ; for example , it allows lawn grass leaves to elongate even after repeated mowing .
6944 .
During plateau , women experience further swelling of the vagina and increased blood flow to the labia minora , and men experience full erection and often exhibit pre - ejaculatory fluid .
This question can be answered by calculating a country ’s GDP per capita ; that is , the GDP divided by the population .
The first law involved the creation of the direct primary .
Their habitats vary from the tundra , where they are the main vegetation , to the understory of tropical forests .
“ ’ Unusable ’ Voter Rolls , ” Wall Street Journal , 7 November 2000 .
5112 .
Angered by these actions , members of the Radical Republican faction in Congress demanded that the laws be overturned .
The flow of genetic information in cells from DNA to mRNA to protein is described by the Central Dogma ( [ link ] ) , which states that genes specify the sequence of mRNAs , which in turn specify the sequence of proteins .
2772 .
( credit : United States Department of Defense )
In a second type , the Glomeromycete fungi form vesicular – arbuscular interactions with arbuscular mycorrhiza ( sometimes called endomycorrhizae ) .
Power in a dictatorship is held by a single person ( or a very small group ) that wields complete and absolute authority over a government and population .
The filament supports the anther , where the microspores are produced by meiosis and develop into pollen grains .
These theories deal with the very fast and the very small , respectively .
5802 .
Water waves spread out in circles from the point where created , and the bow wake is the familiar V - shaped wake trailing the source .
Seligman believed that the dogs who failed to try to escape the later shocks were demonstrating learned helplessness : They had acquired a belief that they were powerless to do anything about the noxious stimulation they were receiving .
Wages are typically reviewed only once or twice a year .
2695 .
6839 .
Companionate love , which is characteristic of close friendships and family relationships , consists of intimacy and commitment but no passion .
6506 .
3935 .
They are considered the most advanced seedless vascular plants and display characteristics commonly observed in seed plants .
Interior to the tympanum is the middle ear .
Town leaders in Dayton , Tennessee , for their part , sensed an opportunity to promote their town , which had lost more than one - third of its population , and welcomed the ACLU to stage a test case against the Butler Act .
4598 .
Philosopher William James was one of the key proponents of the closely related concept of pragmatism , which held that Americans needed to experiment with different ideas and perspectives to find the truth about American society , rather than assuming that there was truth in old , previously accepted models .
These acts virtually abolished town meetings in Massachusetts and otherwise interfered with the colony ’s ability to govern itself .
Greg Scott and Gary Mullen , “ Thirty Year Report , ” Federal Election Commission , September 2005 , http://www.fec.gov/info/publications/30year.pdf .
Ethnicity is a term that describes shared culture — the practices , values , and beliefs of a group .
Ann Arbor , MI : University of Michigan Press .
There is statistical software that will randomly assign each of the fourth graders in the sample to either the experimental or the control group .
Humans have 12 cranial nerves , nerves that emerge from or enter the skull ( cranium ) , as opposed to the spinal nerves , which emerge from the vertebral column .
This second ruling established the principle of national supremacy , which prohibits states from meddling in the lawful activities of the national government .
Materials called scintillators use a more complex collaborative process to convert radiation energy into light .
An elastic collision is one that also conserves internal kinetic energy .
The ego , usually conscious , resorts to unconscious strivings to protect the ego from being overwhelmed by anxiety .
So money serves all of these functions — it is a medium of exchange , store of value , unit of account , and standard of deferred payment .
The genetic makeup and sex of the baby are set at this point .
Their body fluid concentrations conform to changes in seawater concentration .
Economists use a vocabulary of maximizing utility to describe people ’s preferences .
4706 .
And even on the present - day court , Anthony Kennedy , a Reagan appointee , has become notorious as the Court ’s swing vote , sometimes siding with the more conservative justices but sometimes not .
Where does “ plastic money ” like debit cards , credit cards , and smart money fit into this picture ?
The first is differential class - based access to technology in the form of the digital divide .
Many molecules that are biologically important are macromolecules , large molecules that are typically formed by polymerization ( a polymer is a large molecule that is made by combining smaller units called monomers , which are simpler than macromolecules ) .
4032 .
Second , the state organization is also responsible for drafting a state platform that serves as a policy guide for partisans who are eventually selected to public office .
2095 .
In Shelby County v. Holder ( 2013 ) , the Supreme Court agreed .
2146 .
This bias serves to protect self - esteem .
The tabloid - style paper included editorial pages , cartoons , and pictures , while the front - page news was sensational and scandalous . 6412 .
For example , the pancreatic hormone insulin has two polypeptide chains , A and B , and they are linked together by disulfide bonds .
To win the presidency or vice presidency , a candidate must get 270 electoral votes ( a majority ) .
“ Court History . ” Supreme Court History : The First Hundred Years . http://www.pbs.org/wnet/supremecourt/antebellum/history2.html ( March 1 , 2016 ) .
Both hazards have already been discussed .
This incident exacerbated the division between the president ’s team and the insider class in the nation ’s capital , who found the new arrivals from Tennessee lacking in decorum and propriety .
The social benefit of the drug takes into account the value of all the positive externalities of the drug .
5920 .
Total savings = Private savings ( S ) + Public savings ( T – G )
Members of the House of Representatives can not register to lobby for a year after they leave office , while senators have a two - year “ cooling off ” period before they can officially lobby .
Many viruses use some sort of glycoprotein to attach to their host cells via molecules on the cell called viral receptors ( [ link ] ) .
Polygamy in the United States is often associated with those of the Mormon faith , although in 1890 the Mormon Church officially renounced polygamy .
German Protestant migrants formed several pietistic societies : communities that stressed transformative individual religious experience or piety over religious rituals and formality .
Mutations may have a wide range of effects .
They carry out oxidation reactions that break down fatty acids and amino acids .
5175 .
912 .
An algorithm is a problem - solving formula that provides you with step - by - step instructions used to achieve a desired outcome ( Kahneman , 2011 ) .
While prejudice refers to biased thinking , discrimination consists of actions against a group of people .
To experience this slightly different view , do this simple exercise : extend your arm fully and extend one of your fingers and focus on that finger .
2275 .
2500 .
Maltase breaks down maltose into glucose .
Ligands can thus be thought of as signaling molecules .
The nucleus ( plural = nuclei ) houses the cell ’s DNA and directs the synthesis of ribosomes and proteins .
Fiscal policy is one of two policy tools for fine tuning the economy ( the other is monetary policy ) .
Oncolytic viruses are engineered in the laboratory specifically to attack and kill cancer cells .
6278 .
It is dynamic because it is constantly adjusting to the changes that the body ’s systems encounter .
Mendel collected the seeds belonging to the P0 plants that resulted from each cross and grew them the following season .
Established sects , such as the Amish or Jehovah ’s Witnesses fall halfway between sect and denomination on the ecclesia – cult continuum because they have a mixture of sect - like and denomination - like characteristics .
This is known as sensory adaptation .
In 1928 , the United States and fourteen other nations signed the Kellogg - Briand Pact , declaring war an international crime .
True pluralism is characterized by mutual respect on the part of all cultures , both dominant and subordinate , creating a multicultural environment of acceptance .
This model views a city as a series of concentric circular areas , expanding outward from the center of the city , with various “ zones ” invading adjacent zones ( as new categories of people and businesses overrun the edges of nearby zones ) and succeeding ( then after invasion , the new inhabitants repurpose the areas they have invaded and push out the previous inhabitants ) .
4954 .
6100 .
To prepare a Punnett square , all possible combinations of the parental alleles are listed along the top ( for one parent ) and side ( for the other parent ) of a grid , representing their meiotic segregation into haploid gametes .
Some is based on heterosexism , which Herek ( 1990 ) suggests is both an ideology and a set of institutional practices that privilege heterosexuals and heterosexuality over other sexual orientations .
They are arranged in three spatial planes .
3519 .
5351 .
At the other end of the spectrum is a free trade approach , in which a country allows the unfettered flow of goods and services between itself and other countries .
Lichens produce soredia , clusters of algal cells surrounded by mycelia .
441 .
The gastro - esophageal sphincter is located at the stomach end of the esophagus .
British intelligence intercepted and decoded a top - secret telegram from German foreign minister Arthur Zimmermann to the German ambassador to Mexico , instructing the latter to invite Mexico to join the war effort on the German side , should the United States declare war on Germany .
On November 27 , 1963 , a few days after taking the oath of office , President Johnson addressed a joint session of Congress and vowed to accomplish the goals that John F. Kennedy had set and to expand the role of the federal government in securing economic opportunity and civil rights for all .
They meet subjects where they live , work , and play .
6244 .
During a manic episode , some experience a mood that is almost euphoric and become excessively talkative , sometimes spontaneously starting conversations with strangers ; others become excessively irritable and complain or make hostile comments .
For example , suppose the airplane passenger at one instant had an instantaneous velocity of −3.0 m / s ( the minus meaning toward the rear of the plane ) .
With the recession still ongoing , the Fed decided to adopt an innovative and nontraditional policy known as quantitative easing ( QE ) .
Although they may not realize it , becoming active in the community and engaging in a wide variety of community - based volunteer efforts are important forms of civic engagement and help government do its job .
Trichomes are hair - like structures on the epidermal surface .
Animals communicate with each other using stimuli known as signals .
Taken together , this combination of patents , trademarks , copyrights , and trade secret law is called intellectual property , because it implies ownership over an idea , concept , or image , not a physical piece of property like a house or a car .
4438 .
P700 is oxidized and sends a high - energy electron to NADP+ to form NADPH .
In the past , it was relatively common to hear about sporadic cases of botulism , the potentially fatal disease produced by a toxin from the anaerobic bacterium Clostridium botulinum .
4979 .
1470 .
Work done by a person is sometimes called useful work , which is work done on the outside world , such as lifting weights .
Michele Waslin . 2012 .
Deists also advanced the belief that personal morality — an individual ’s moral compass , leading to good works and actions — is more important than strict church doctrines .
Bandura concluded that we watch and learn , and that this learning can have both prosocial and antisocial effects .
A perfectly competitive market has many firms selling identical products , who all act as price takers in the face of the competition .
The amygdala is involved in our experience of emotion and in tying emotional meaning to our memories .
Not all molecules have this property .
In contrast , CD8 + cells engage antigen - embedded MHC I molecules on APCs and are stimulated to become cytotoxic T lymphocytes ( CTLs ) , which directly kill infected cells by apoptosis and emit cytokines to amplify the immune response .
1596 .
3604 .
Pairing a new neutral stimulus ( “ squeak ” ) with the conditioned stimulus ( “ zzhzhz ” ) is called higher - order conditioning , or second - order conditioning .
The purpose of this law was to limit the use of “ soft money , ” which is raised for purposes like party - building efforts , get - out - the - vote efforts , and issue - advocacy ads .
The segment of DNA is removed and replaced with the correctly paired nucleotides by the action of DNA pol .
3125 .
Over time , the amount that firms are willing to pay workers will depend on the value of the output those workers produce .
In observational learning , we learn by watching others and then imitating , or modeling , what they do or say .
This longstanding question is known in psychology as the nature versus nurture debate .
5927 .
Notice in the rooted phylogenetic tree that the three domains — Bacteria , Archaea , and Eukarya — diverge from a single point and branch off .
Consumer and Producer Surplus The somewhat triangular area labeled by F shows the area of consumer surplus , which shows that the equilibrium price in the market was less than what many of the consumers were willing to pay .
As the trimester progresses , the outer layer of the embryo begins to merge with the endometrium , and the placenta forms .
These individuals may also undertake transgender hormone therapy in an attempt to make their bodies look more like the opposite sex , and in some cases , they elect to have surgeries to alter the appearance of their external genitalia to resemble that of their gender identity ( [ link ] ) .
Pollution
At sufficiently high pressure above the critical point , the gas will have the density of a liquid but will not condense .
According to the sorting thesis , before the 1950s , voters were mostly concerned with state - level party positions rather than national party concerns .
4176 .
In contrast , applied science or “ technology , ” aims to use science to solve real - world problems , making it possible , for example , to improve a crop yield , find a cure for a particular disease , or save animals threatened by a natural disaster ( [ link ] ) .
In 2013 , there was a drastic depreciation of the Yen ( relative to the U.S. Dollar ) by about 14 % and again at the end of the year in 2014 also by about 14 % .
3799 .
Unfunded mandates are federal laws and regulations that impose obligations on state and local governments without fully compensating them for the administrative costs they incur .
As the violent clashes increased , Kansas became known as “ Bleeding Kansas . ” Antislavery advocates ’ use of force carved out a new direction for some who opposed slavery .
The branch that exits the glomerulus is called the efferent arteriole .
Fossil records indicate that trees and their root symbionts share a long evolutionary history .
The inorganic material of soil consists of rock , slowly broken down into smaller particles that vary in size .
1322 .
3 .
3400 .
We also tend to make the mistake of illusory correlations , especially with unsystematic observations .
3509 .
Temperature is operationally defined to be what we measure with a thermometer .
While the Supreme Court determined that grandfather clauses were unconstitutional in 1915 , states continued to use poll taxes and literacy tests to deter potential voters from registering . Guinn v. United States , 238 U.S. 347 ( 1915 ) .
The benthic realm ( or zone ) extends along the ocean bottom from the shoreline to the deepest parts of the ocean floor .
463 .
People with high rates of metabolism are able to burn off calories more easily than those with lower rates of metabolism .
Experience suggests that an object at rest will remain at rest if left alone , and that an object in motion tends to slow down and stop unless some effort is made to keep it moving .
Others agreed to negotiate for significant territorial gains , as Thomas Jefferson did when he oversaw the purchase of Louisiana from France .
The second category of bank asset is bonds , which are a common mechanism for borrowing , used by the federal and local government , and also private companies , and nonprofit organizations .
3398 .
6983 .
1312 .
5048 .
The federal courts took up the issue with zeal after the U.S. Supreme Court in United States v. Windsor struck down the part of DOMA that outlawed federal benefits . United States v. Windsor , 570 U.S. _ _ ( 2013 ) .
This book presents two perspectives on macroeconomics : the Neoclassical perspective and the Keynesian perspective , each of which has its own version of AD and AS .
Moreover , the extent to which wages keep up with inflation creates insecurity for workers and may involve painful , prolonged conflicts between employers and employees .
2200 .
The great rise in union membership in the 1930s followed the passage of the National Labor - Management Relations Act of 1935 , which specified that workers had a right to organize unions and that management had to give them a fair chance to do so .
But in certain areas , like the invention of new software , it has been unclear whether patent or copyright protection should apply .
The national government has used grants to influence state actions as far back as the Articles of Confederation when it provided states with land grants .
He suggested that they be unchained and talked to , and that ’s just what he did for patients at La Salpêtrière in Paris in 1795 ( [ link ] ) .
In Oklahoma , the registrar receives a list of deceased residents from the Department of Health .
Diffusion is the movement of substances due to random thermal molecular motion .
6138 .
Infected cells are identified and destroyed by natural killer ( NK ) cells , lymphocytes that can kill cells infected with viruses or tumor cells ( abnormal cells that uncontrollably divide and invade other tissue ) .
Nucleic acids are the most important macromolecules for the continuity of life .
28 .
The outermost cell layer of the root ’s vascular tissue is the pericycle , an area that can give rise to lateral roots .
The general election campaign period occurs between mid - August and early November .
238 .
Short bones , or cuboidal bones , are bones that are the same width and length , giving them a cube - like shape .
In June 2015 , 75 percent of Democrats likely to vote in their state primaries said they would vote for Clinton , while 15 percent of those polled said they would vote for Sanders .
: economic growth , low unemployment , and low inflation .
2597 .
Such total abstinence from alcohol is known as teetotalism .
[ link ] illustrates a hypothetical and simplified balance sheet for the Safe and Secure Bank .
The speed at which an ecosystem recovers equilibrium after being disturbed , called its resilience .
Experiments seeking evidence that quarks make up protons ( one type of particle that makes up nuclei ) scattered high - energy electrons off of protons ( nuclei of hydrogen atoms ) .
The words emotion and mood are sometimes used interchangeably , but psychologists use these words to refer to two different things .
Southern reformers considered segregation a Progressive solution to racial violence ; across the nation , educated middle - class Americans enthusiastically followed the work of eugenicists who identified virtually all human behavior as inheritable traits and issued awards at county fairs to families and individuals for their “ racial fitness . ”
The zygote develops into an embryo with a radicle , or small root , and one ( monocot ) or two ( dicot ) leaf - like organs called cotyledons .
3732 .
Allopatric speciation ( allo- = " other " ; -patric = " homeland " ) involves geographic separation of populations from a parent species and subsequent evolution .
Sociological theory is constantly evolving and should never be considered complete .
Xylem conductive cells incorporate the compound lignin into their walls , and are thus described as lignified .
1656 .
Animal behavior has been studied for decades , by biologists in the science of ethology , by psychologists in the science of comparative psychology , and by scientists of many disciplines in the study of neurobiology .
Humans and many animals have a monogastric digestive system as illustrated in [ link ] a b .
Wernicke ’s area , important for speech comprehension , is also located here .
The complexity of tropical ecosystems may promote speciation by increasing the heterogeneity , or number of ecological niches , in the tropics relative to higher latitudes .
These free electrons can move through the material much as air moves through loose sand .
Both groups considered themselves British patriots defending their liberty , just as their forebears had done in the time of James II .
Until the 1930s , most policy advocates argued that the best way for the government to interact with the economy was through a hands - off approach formally known as laissez - faire economics .
In 2010 , there were about 80,000 centenarians in the United States alone .
1492 .
For example , a forest may include many pine trees .
Atoms contain protons , electrons , and neutrons , among other subatomic particles .
September 16 , 2009 .
Not unlike Roosevelt ’s threat of force , Taft used the threat of American economic clout to coerce countries into agreements to benefit the United States .
The father was placed in charge of the family unit , and he directed the labor of his wife and children .
In 1860 , four candidates competed for the presidency : Lincoln , a Republican ; two Democrats , one from the northern wing of the party and one from the southern wing ; and a member of the newly formed Constitutional Union Party , a southern party that wished to prevent the nation from dividing over the issue of slavery .
For example , returning a stranger ’s smile is expected in the United States because a pervasive social norm dictates that we reciprocate friendly gestures .
Buck v. Bell , 274 U.S. 200 ( 1927 ) .
4397 .
Ads sold quickly thanks to the paper ’s popularity , and the Sunday edition became a regular feature of the newspaper . 6413 .
The idea behind cognitive therapy is that how you think determines how you feel and act .
When sensory information is detected by a sensory receptor , sensation has occurred .
A promotion at work is a positive sanction for working hard .
Holography is the process of producing holograms and , although they are recorded on photographic film , the process is quite different from normal photography .
3419 .
1561 .
These regions in the RNA that are not translated into protein are called the untranslated regions , or UTRs .
Arriving at a proper diagnosis — that is , appropriately identifying and labeling a set of defined symptoms — is absolutely crucial .
For example , in this case , you could remember that 520 is an area code for Arizona and the person you met is from Arizona .
The tabloid - style paper included editorial pages , cartoons , and pictures , while the front - page news was sensational and scandalous . 6412 .
Native Americans born before the act took effect , who had not already become citizens as a result of the Dawes Severalty Act or service in the army in World War I , had to wait until the Nationality Act of 1940 to become citizens .
With the death of Associate Justice Antonin Scalia in February 2016 , there remain three current justices who are considered part of the Court ’s more conservative wing — Chief Justice Roberts and Associate Justices Thomas and Alito , while four are considered more liberal - leaning — Justices Ginsburg , Breyer , Sotomayor , and Kagan ( [ link ] ) .
In the weeks following the Watergate break - in , Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein , reporters for The Washington Post , received information from several anonymous sources , including one known to them only as “ Deep Throat , ” that led them to realize the White House was deeply implicated in the break - in .
4509 .
688 .
2918 .
Infinite elasticity or perfect elasticity refers to the extreme case where either the quantity demanded ( Qd ) or supplied ( Qs ) changes by an infinite amount in response to any change in price at all .
Prader - Willi Syndrome ( PWS ) is a genetic disorder that results in persistent feelings of intense hunger and reduced rates of metabolism .
898 .
Early developmental psychologists focused primarily on changes that occurred through reaching adulthood , providing enormous insight into the differences in physical , cognitive , and social capacities that exist between very young children and adults .
The leviathan effect can hit firms that become too large to run efficiently , across the entirety of the enterprise .
“ The U.S. District Courts and the Federal Judiciary . ” Federal Judicial Center . http://www.fjc.gov/history/home.nsf/page/courts_district.html ( March 1 , 2016 ) .
Heirloom seeds come from plants that were traditionally grown in human populations , as opposed to the seeds used for large - scale agricultural production .
To ensure that the offspring has only one complete diploid set of chromosomes , only one sperm must fuse with one egg .
Subfields of psychology tend to focus on one influence or behavior over others .
Some animals are able to mate only once per year , but survive multiple mating seasons .
A trademark is an identifying symbol or name for a particular good , like Chiquita bananas , Chevrolet cars , or the Nike “ swoosh ” that appears on shoes and athletic gear .
[ link ] shows the prisoner ’s dilemma for a two - firm oligopoly — known as a duopoly .
Populations with two or more variations of particular characteristics are called polymorphic .
Such a wave is called a transverse wave or shear wave ; in such a wave , the disturbance is perpendicular to the direction of propagation .
There are a number of reasons , but one of them will surprise you : the trade policies of the high - income countries .
Recall that sensory cells are neurons .
3063 .
A society describes a group of people who share a community and a culture .
Amino acids are the monomers that make up proteins .
A phylogenetic tree is a diagram showing the evolutionary relationships among biological species based on similarities and differences in genetic or physical traits or both .
In the final analysis , same - sex marriage is a protected constitutional right as decided by the U.S. Supreme Court , which took up the issue again when it heard Obergefell v. Hodges in 2015 .
You can think of these as mental shortcuts that are used to solve problems .
Recall from Choice in a World of Scarcity that the production possibilities frontier shows the maximum amount that each country can produce given its limited resources , in this case workers , and its level of technology .
Responding to a request for advice on proper government from North Carolina , Adams wrote Thoughts on Government , which influenced many state legislatures .
Violating them can have serious consequences .
4704 .
Obstructive sleep apnea occurs when an individual ’s airway becomes blocked during sleep , and air is prevented from entering the lungs .
Josh Putnam , “ Presidential Primaries and Caucuses by Month ( 1976 ) , ” Frontloading HQ ( blog ) , February 3 , 2009 , http://frontloading.blogspot.com/2009/02/1976-presidential-primary-calendar.html .
Endocytosis is a type of active transport that moves particles , such as large molecules , parts of cells , and even whole cells , into a cell .
Iteroparity describes species that reproduce repeatedly during their lives .
In operationalizing violent behavior , we might choose to count only physical acts like kicking or punching as instances of this behavior , or we also may choose to include angry verbal exchanges .
The discussion in Unemployment pointed out that wages tend to be sticky in their downward movements and that unemployment can result .
The name hologram means “ entire picture ” ( from the Greek holo , as in holistic ) , because the image is three - dimensional .
Hydrophobic , or water - hating molecules , tend to be non - polar .
Moles and Avogadro ’s Number
Today ’s federal court system was not an overnight creation ; it has been changing and transitioning for more than two hundred years through various acts of Congress .
Phylum Cnidaria includes animals that show radial or biradial symmetry and are diploblastic , that is , they develop from two embryonic layers .
Once hearings have been completed , the bill enters the markup stage .
One of the functions of an interferon is to inhibit viral replication .
The existence of two types of morphology suggests that leaves evolved independently in several groups of plants .
This ‘ jumping ’ of the action potential from one node to the next is called saltatory conduction .
5340 .
Williams later admitted to several misstatements and apologized to the public , and he was removed from The Nightly News .
6353 .
1966 .
Standardization means that the manner of administration , scoring , and interpretation of results is consistent .
Recently , however , a new voice has emerged that has allied itself with the Republican Party .
Foreign direct investment ( FDI ) refers to purchasing a firm ( at least ten percent ) in another country or starting up a new enterprise in a foreign country
Three of the four cells break down ; only a single surviving cell will develop into a female multicellular gametophyte , which encloses archegonia ( an archegonium is a reproductive organ that contains a single large egg ) .
Human body cells have 46 chromosomes , while human gametes ( sperm or eggs ) have 23 chromosomes each .
That change began with the 1932 presidential campaign of Franklin Delano Roosevelt .
( a ) If small compasses are used to map the magnetic field around a bar magnet , they will point in the directions shown : away from the north pole of the magnet , toward the south pole of the magnet .
The two hemispheres are connected by a thick band of neural fibers known as the corpus callosum , consisting of about 200 million axons .
Cross - pollination is the transfer of pollen from the anther of one flower to the stigma of another flower on a different individual of the same species .
Throughout the South , sharecropping took root , a crop - lien system that worked to the advantage of landowners .
Because participants were so focused on the number of times the white team was passing the ball , they completely tuned out other visual information .
Consider a very short story : “ The Land of Funny Money . ”
Environments can often sustain a limited amount of contaminants without marked change , and water , air , and soil can “ heal ” themselves to a certain degree .
Liquidity refers to how quickly a financial asset can be used to buy a good or service .
3361 .
7000 .
The values of quantized entities are expressed in terms of quantum numbers , and the rules governing them are of the utmost importance in determining what nature is and does .
The Constitution was not seen as a limitation on state power , and since the states expected all able - bodied free men to keep arms as a matter of course , what gun control there was mostly revolved around ensuring slaves ( and their abolitionist allies ) did n’t have guns .
1356 .
He or she appoints members and chairs to committees , creates select committees to fulfill a specific purpose and then disband , and can even select a member to be speaker pro tempore , who acts as Speaker in the Speaker ’s absence .
The U.S. judicial system is divided into federal courts and state courts .
A change in velocity means , by definition , that there is an acceleration .
Cognitive empathy , also known as theory - of - mind ( which we discussed earlier with regard to egocentrism ) , relates to the ability to take the perspective of others and feel concern for others ( Shamay - Tsoory , Tomer , & Aharon - Peretz , 2005 ) .
The monetary policy prescription for dealing with recession is straightforward : run an expansionary monetary policy to increase the quantity of money and loans , drive down interest rates , and increase aggregate demand .
Some cells contain aggregates of macromolecules surrounded by membranes ; these are called organelles .
While our sensory receptors are constantly collecting information from the environment , it is ultimately how we interpret that information that affects how we interact with the world .
6626 .
Thus , in the 1980s and 1990s , some regulators of public utilities began to use price cap regulation , where the regulator sets a price that the firm can charge over the next few years .
The Lemon test has three criteria that must be satisfied for such a law or action to be found constitutional and remain in effect :
What is a function ?
RHR-2 can be used to give the direction of the field near the loop , but mapping with compasses and the rules about field lines given in Magnetic Fields and Magnetic Field Lines are needed for more detail .
Before a large merger happens , the antitrust regulators at the FTC and the U.S. Department of Justice can allow the merger , prohibit it , or allow it if certain conditions are met .
4896 .
In the Declaration of Independence , Thomas Jefferson made the radical statement that “ all men are created equal ” and “ are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights , that among these are Life , Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness . ”
Theorists using the conflict perspective suggest that issues with the healthcare system , as with most other social problems , are rooted in capitalist society .
One of the most remarkable associations between fungi and plants is the establishment of mycorrhizae .
Oversecretion of growth hormone can lead to gigantism in children , causing excessive growth .
A more effective means with which to address the public perception of the “ Indian threat ” was needed .
5187 .
In this case , the industry and all the firms in it are experiencing falling average total costs .
5702 .
2152 .
200 .
332 .
711 .
These pseudogenes are copied from mRNA and incorporated into the chromosome .
2006 .
3585 .
The U.S. Criminal Justice SystemA criminal justice system is an organization that exists to enforce a legal code .
A poll to discover whether citizens support changes to the Affordable Care Act or Medicaid might first ask who these programs serve and how they are funded .
4767 .
4373 .
Wartime price controls were retained for some items but removed from others , like meat .
5125 .
Thus , a recession lasts from peak to trough , and an economic upswing runs from trough to peak .
6416 .
According to John Green of the Ray C. Bliss Institute of Applied Politics , “ Local elections tend to be about things like sewers , and roads and police protection — which are not as dramatic an issue as same - sex marriage or global warming or international affairs . ”
5216 .
Psychoanalytic theory focuses on the role of a person ’s unconscious , as well as early childhood experiences , and this particular perspective dominated clinical psychology for several decades ( Thorne & Henley , 2005 ) .
Supination is the movement of the radius and ulna bones of the forearm so that the palm faces forward .
2836 .
This is called atomic excitation .
Exchange Rates and International Capital Flows explores the international dimension of monetary policy , and how monetary policy becomes involved with exchange rates and international flows of financial capital .
In the early years of polling , telephone numbers of potential respondents were arbitrarily selected from various areas to avoid regional bias .
6285 .
For example , psychology professors teach psychology , but they do not attempt to provide students with financial aid forms .
The changes wrought by the Fourteenth Amendment were more extensive .
5384 .
A reference group is a group that people compare themselves to — it provides a standard of measurement .
The innermost group of structures in the flower is the gynoecium , or the female reproductive component ( s ) .
Neutrophils and eosinophils are particularly important leukocytes that engulf large pathogens , such as bacteria and fungi .
If the firm is successful , the outputs are more valuable than the inputs .
An empresario was someone who brought settlers to the region in exchange for generous grants of land .
The late Kim Jong - Il , North Korean dictator , and his successor , Kim Jong - Un , exemplify this type of charismatic dictatorship . Some dictatorships do not align themselves with any particular belief system or ideology ; the goal of this type of regime is usually limited to preserving the authority of the dictator .
Cones are very sensitive to acute detail and provide tremendous spatial resolution .
6532 .
“ Americans ’ Approval of Supreme Court New All - Time Low . ” Gallup . July 19 , 2014 . http://www.gallup.com/poll/163586/americans-approval-supreme-court-near-time-low.aspx ( February 18 , 2016 ) .
The resulting embryo is not genetically viable and dies within a few days .
Despite these efforts , a study commissioned by the Pew Charitable Trust found twenty - four million voter registrations nationwide were no longer valid .
The gastrovascular cavity has only one opening that serves as both a mouth and an anus , which is termed an incomplete digestive system .
6174 .
Inflation can make long - term planning difficult .
When we experience events in our lives that we appraise as stressful , it is essential that we use effective coping strategies to manage our stress .
Indeed , the concept of power can have decidedly negative connotations , and the term itself is difficult to define .
4044 .
3493 .
States found to violate provisions of the VRA were required to get any changes in their election laws approved by the U.S. attorney general or by going through the court system .
Once a signal is received by the dendrite , it then travels passively to the cell body .
Bacteria are divided into two major groups : Gram positive and Gram negative , based on their reaction to Gram staining .
Fine motor skills focus on the muscles in our fingers , toes , and eyes , and enable coordination of small actions ( e.g. , grasping a toy , writing with a pencil , and using a spoon ) .
They work hard to build consensus before choosing a course of action and moving forward .
Another theory within the symbolic interaction perspective is selective optimization with compensation theory .
520 .
Merkel ’s disks ( shown in [ link ] ) are found in the upper layers of skin near the base of the epidermis , both in skin that has hair and on glabrous skin , that is , the hairless skin found on the palms and fingers , the soles of the feet , and the lips of humans and other primates .
6373 .
1158 .
510 . coli , the polymerase is composed of five polypeptide subunits , two of which are identical .
The reason why is something called the division and specialization of labor , a production innovation first put forth by Adam Smith , [ link ] , in his book , The Wealth of Nations .
2299 .
As explained in Financial Markets , the prices of stocks and bonds depend on future events .
Krutz and Peake .
382 .
Anorexia nervosa is an eating disorder characterized by the maintenance of a body weight well below average through starvation and/or excessive exercise .
Similarly , many Westerners view the multiple manifestations of Hinduism ’s godhead as polytheistic , which is a religion based on belief in multiple deities , , while Hindus might describe those manifestations are a monotheistic parallel to the Christian Trinity .
2630 .
Whereas the British could pay in gold and silver , the American forces relied on paper money , backed by loans obtained in Europe .
In a competitive market , if the owners of a business care more about the color of money than about the color of skin , they will have an incentive to make buying , selling , hiring , and promotion decisions strictly based on economic factors .
7060 .
3141 .
The success of the team ’s actions becomes apparent on inauguration day , when the transition of power takes place in what is often a seamless fashion , with people evacuating their offices ( and the White House ) for their successors .
These people are considered a category , and as an example all children born from approximately 1980–2000 are referred to as “ Millennials . ”
Nitrification is the conversion of ammonium to nitrite and nitrate .
Another noted structural functionalist , Robert Merton ( 1910 – 2003 ) , pointed out that social processes often have many functions .
In both Sherbert v. Verner , a case dealing with unemployment compensation , and Wisconsin v. Yoder , which dealt with the right of Amish parents to homeschool their children , the court said that for a law to be allowed to limit or burden a religious practice , the government must meet two criteria . Sherbert v. Verner , 374 U.S. 398 ( 1963 ) ; Wisconsin v. Yoder , 406 U.S. 205 ( 1972 ) .
Water moves from one tracheid to another through regions on the side walls known as pits , where secondary walls are absent .
3989 .
Thorns are modified branches appearing as sharp outgrowths that protect the plant ; common examples include roses , Osage orange and devil ’s walking stick .
Colliding beams are made to meet head - on at points where massive detectors are located .
Plasmids are usually introduced into a bacterial host for proliferation .
5998 .
Both arguments struck a chord .
At Whig political rallies , the faithful were treated to whiskey made by the E. C. Booz Company , leading to the introduction of the word “ booze ” into the American lexicon .
409 .
Socialization is the process through which people are taught to be proficient members of a society .
4216 .
It accounts for large losses of snow pack that never make it into a river , the routine automatic defrosting of a freezer , and the freeze - drying process applied to many foods .
In most mammals , eccrine glands are limited to certain areas of the body , and some mammals do not possess them at all .
Storage is the retention of the encoded information .
Usually , executive orders direct government agencies to pursue a certain course in the absence of congressional action .
They make imports more expensive for consumers , discouraging imports .
Three paradigms have come to dominate sociological thinking , because they provide useful explanations : structural functionalism , conflict theory , and symbolic interactionism .
4503 .
This distribution of authority was the result of a conscious decision and was reflected in the structure and framework of the Articles of Confederation .
Two remaining problems in the House are the size of each representative ’s constituency — the body of voters who elect him or her — and the challenge of Washington , DC .
Control rods help prevent overheating , perhaps even a meltdown or explosive disassembly . 3245 .
[ link ] shows how the Federal Reserve has carried out monetary policy by targeting the federal funds interest rate in the last few decades .
This pattern of tracing kinship is called bilateral descent .
The Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) is the president ’s own budget department .
The first characteristic , that a public good is nonexcludable , means that it is costly or impossible to exclude someone from using the good .
Having introduced his or her priorities , the governor will work on the sidelines to steer favored bills through the legislative process .
4286 .
Some people laud the HCERA as an example of getting things done in the face of partisan gridlock in Congress ; others see it a case of government power run amok .
5953 .
6384 .
High levels of effort will lead to a high social position , and vice versa .
According to this belief , our temperaments , interests , and talents are set before birth .
One strategy is for a bank to diversify its loans , which means lending to a variety of customers .
Pension insurance : Employers that offer pensions to their retired employees are required by law to pay a small fraction of what they are setting aside for pensions to the Pension Benefit Guarantee Corporation , which is used to pay at least some pension benefits to workers if a company goes bankrupt and can not pay the pensions it has promised .
5030 .
Tobacco ( Nicotiana tabaccum ) , tomato ( Solanum lycopersicum ) , and pepper ( Capsicum annuum ) are examples of endospermic dicots .
The transfer of energy is caused by the temperature difference , and ceases once the temperatures are equal .
This act of defiance became known as the Boston Tea Party .
Oligopolistic markets are those dominated by a small number of firms .
He proposed a theory about how such behaviors come about .
5751 .
Organs called ampullae of Lorenzini allow sharks to detect the electromagnetic fields that are produced by all living things , including their prey .
3397 .
Like all vectors , the electric field can be represented by an arrow that has length proportional to its magnitude and that points in the correct direction .
3724 .
A traditional PAC is an organization designed to raise hard money to elect or defeat candidates .
Sociologists call these established sects .
Gram - positive organisms typically lack the outer membrane found in Gram - negative organisms ( [ link ] ) .
6804 .
Translocations are implicated in certain cancers , including chronic myelogenous leukemia .
Theodore and Franklin D. Roosevelt offered models of vigorous executive leadership , while the image and style of John F. Kennedy and Ronald Reagan influenced and at times haunted or frustrated successors .
Liberation theology began as a movement within the Roman Catholic Church in the 1950s and 1960s in Latin America , and it combines Christian principles with political activism .
New York : Free Press , 95 - 96 .
According to sociologist William Graham Sumner , deviance is a violation of established contextual , cultural , or social norms , whether folkways , mores , or codified law ( 1906 ) .
131 .
President Jimmy Carter meets with Egypt ’s Anwar El Sadat ( left ) and Israel ’s Menachem Begin ( right ) at Camp David in 1978 ( a ) .
These theorists , referred to as neo - Freudians , generally agreed with Freud that childhood experiences matter , but they reduced the emphasis on sex and focused more on the social environment and effects of culture on personality .
Long supporting former President Grant , Conkling had no sympathy for some of Hayes ’ early appeals for civil service reform .
Marginal cost is somewhat different .
Among their demands , the association sought a federal government plan to set agricultural prices artificially high enough to cover the farmers ’ costs , as well as a government commitment to sell any farm surpluses on the world market .
On the other hand , a merged currency applied across wide geographic and cultural areas carries with it its own set of problems , such as the ability for countries to conduct their own independent monetary policies .
The water wave in the figure also has a length associated with it , called its wavelength
Thus , in SI units , work and energy are measured in newton - meters .
The simple laws of physics apply , of course , but complex systems may reveal patterns that simple systems do not .
It means total revenue minus explicit costs — the difference between dollars brought in and dollars paid out .
4851 .
Moral hazard refers to the case when people engage in riskier behavior with insurance than they would if they did not have insurance .
5759 .
2390 .
4490 .
Despite this sharp increase , a number of states had banned same - sex marriage until the Supreme Court decided , in Obergefell v. Hodges ( 2015 ) , that states were obliged to give marriage licenses to couples of the same sex and to recognize out - of - state , same - sex marriages . Obergefell v. Hodges , 576 U.S. _ _ _ ( 2015 ) .
Liberals expect government to provide basic social and educational programs to help everyone have a chance to succeed .
In fact , there is substantial evidence for seven universal emotions that are each associated with distinct facial expressions .
5640 .
5583 .
The basic process of generating emfs ( electromotive force ) and , hence , currents with magnetic fields is known as induction ; this process is also called magnetic induction to distinguish it from charging by induction , which utilizes the Coulomb force .
His training as an actor certainly helped in this regard .
The ideal self is the person that you would like to be ; the real self is the person you actually are .
Strigolactones also play a role in the establishment of mycorrhizae , a mutualistic association of plant roots and fungi .
Surveys
At the time he developed general relativity , Einstein considered that an illogical possibility .
Because hearing is one of our most important senses , it is interesting to see how the physical properties of sound correspond to our perceptions of it .
The Spanish - speaking population of the United States increased following the Spanish - American War in 1898 with the incorporation of Puerto Rico as a U.S. territory .
For a decreasing cost industry , as the market expands , the old and new firms experience lower costs of production , which makes the new zero - profit level intersect at a lower price than before .
Say that the market for replacing broken automobile windshields in a certain city has 18 firms with the market shares shown in [ link ] , where the market share is each firm ’s proportion of total sales in that market .
935 .
During interphase , the cell grows and DNA is replicated .
744 .
3098 .
For comparison , both are shown starting from the same point A .
Adventitious organs are those that grow in unusual places , such as roots growing from the side of a stem .
Price is what the producer receives for selling one unit of a good or service .
The strategies of nonviolent resistance and civil disobedience , or the refusal to obey an unjust law , had been effective in the campaign led by Mahatma Gandhi to liberate colonial India from British rule in the 1930s and 1940s .
When the circulation of fluid in the eye is blocked , it can lead to a buildup in pressure , a condition called glaucoma .
489 .
In both sexes , the hypothalamus monitors and causes the release of hormones from the pituitary gland .
Secretin acts in tandem with another hormone called cholecystokinin ( CCK ) .
100 .
This type of information is qualitative data — results that are subjective and often based on what is seen in a natural setting .
1557 .
New York : Simon & Schuster , 75 .
This is essentially an amending and voting process .
2777 .
The substantia nigra ( Latin for “ black substance ” ) and the ventral tegmental area ( VTA ) are also located in the midbrain ( [ link ] ) .
5973 .
More precisely , a wave is a disturbance that propagates , or moves from the place it was created .
Beginning in the second half of the nineteenth century , these Progressive journalists sought to expose critical social problems and exhort the public to take action .
1017 .
2202 .
Throughout U.S. history , the national and state governments have battled for dominance over the implementation of public policy and the funding of important political programs .
5825 .
Bear in mind that the institution , while socially constructed , is still quite real .
1123 .
South Dakota v. Dole , 483 U.S. 203 ( 1987 ) .
In this tense situation , Great Britain worked to prevent a wider conflict by ending its seizure of American ships and offered to pay for captured cargoes .
Intrapersonal topics ( those that pertain to the individual ) include emotions and attitudes , the self , and social cognition ( the ways in which we think about ourselves and others ) .
1758 .
On the other hand , congressional - executive agreements , like the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) , are negotiated by the president and then approved by a simple majority of the House and Senate ( rather than a two - thirds vote in the Senate as is the case for a treaty ) .
Remember this : When two lines on a diagram cross , this intersection usually means something .
5381 .
1794 .
3207 .
Fearing the potential for tyranny with only one group in power , he suggested a system of checks and balances in which three separate branches of government — executive , legislative , and judicial — would maintain a balance of power .
The War Powers Resolution ( covered in the foreign policy chapter ) was intended to strengthen congressional war powers but ended up clarifying presidential authority in the first sixty days of a military conflict .
Each successive vibration of the string takes the same time as the previous one .
He shared the 1965 Nobel Prize with Julian Schwinger and S. I. Tomonaga for work in QED with its deep implications for particle physics .
See , for example , Arizona v. Gant , 556 U.S. 332 ( 2009 ) .
Genetic diversity can be measured as chemical diversity in that different species produce a variety of chemicals in their cells , both the proteins as well as the products and byproducts of metabolism .
In contrast , a laissez - faire leader ( French for “ leave it alone ” ) is hands - off , allowing group members to self - manage and make their own decisions .
1566 .
6632 .
When people perform tasks or possess characteristics based on the gender role assigned to them , they are said to be doing gender .
1834 .
In mammals , membranes that are homologous to the extra - embryonic membranes in eggs are present in the placenta .
1225 .
Standardization means that the manner of administration , scoring , and interpretation of results is consistent .
2709 .
An atom is the smallest unit of matter that retains all of the chemical properties of an element .
However , many would say that the years since the 9/11 attacks have swung the pendulum back in the direction of central federal power .
One policy category , known as distributive policy , tends to collect payments or resources from many but concentrates direct benefits on relatively few .
The movement also created a political party — the Greenback Party , so named for its support of print currency ( or “ greenbacks ” ) not based upon a gold standard — which saw brief success with the election of fifteen congressmen .
Alienation refers to the condition in which the individual is isolated and divorced from his or her society , work , or the sense of self .
Heterothallic mycelia require two different , but compatible , mycelia to reproduce sexually .
2679 .
Prokaryotes recycle nutrients — essential substances ( such as carbon and nitrogen ) — and they drive the evolution of new ecosystems , some of which are natural and others man - made .
4018 .
Several states therefore had to make dramatic changes to their electoral maps during the next two redistricting cycles ( 1970–1972 and 1980–1982 ) .
He also famously used a unilateral proclamation to issue the Emancipation Proclamation , which cited the military necessity of declaring millions of slaves in Confederate - controlled territory to be free .
Instead , they are formed by large cells containing many nuclei , an arrangement described as coenocytic hyphae ( [ link]b ) .
This type of cell division is called binary ( prokaryotic ) fission . Binary Fission
Fruits may be classified as simple , aggregate , multiple , or accessory , depending on their origin ( [ link ] ) .
In the therapeutic setting , a clinician may use relaxation and suggestion in an attempt to alter the thoughts and perceptions of a patient .
Bottom - up processing refers to the fact that perceptions are built from sensory input .
One possible contributing factor in suicide is brain chemistry .
When the Spanish discovered chicha , they bought and traded for it , turning it into a commodity instead of a ritual substance .
The description should be thorough enough to allow another researcher to repeat the experiment and obtain similar results , but it does not have to be verbose .
( See the closing Bring It Home feature at the end of this chapter for more information on the tire tariff .
Each neuron has a single dendrite buried in the olfactory epithelium , and extending from this dendrite are 5 to 20 receptor - laden , hair - like cilia that trap odorant molecules .
All this began to change in 1763 when the Seven Years War between Great Britain and France came to an end , and Great Britain gained control of most of the French territory in North America .
5996 .
A system being driven at its natural frequency is said to resonate .
We begin at the neuronal membrane .
Pinacocytes , which are epithelial - like cells , form the outermost layer of sponges and enclose a jelly - like substance called mesohyl .
3949 .
The different approaches to research based on positivism or antipositivism are often considered the foundation for the differences found today between quantitative sociology and qualitative sociology .
New Jersey ’s William Paterson offered an alternate model as part of his proposal , typically referred to as the small - state or New Jersey Plan .
5909 .
While the bureaucracies created in these two periods served important purposes , many at that time and even now argue that the expansion came with unacceptable costs , particularly economic costs .
The outermost layer is the dura mater ( Latin for “ hard mother ” ) .
Cell - surface receptors , also known as transmembrane receptors , are cell surface , membrane - anchored ( integral ) proteins that bind to external ligand molecules .
Formation of the FtsZ ring triggers the accumulation of other proteins that work together to recruit new membrane and cell wall materials to the site .
The proportion of elderly citizens in the United States population is rising .
2066 .
Durkheim gathered a large amount of data about Europeans who had ended their lives , and he did indeed find differences based on religion .
Meditation is the act of focusing on a single target ( such as the breath or a repeated sound ) to increase awareness of the moment .
5182 .
6210 .
As a result , the bureaucratic process becomes inundated with red tape .
Economics is the study of how humans make decisions in the face of scarcity .
6666 .
3753 .
According to the Pew Research Center for People and the Press , more and more people , especially younger people , are getting their news from online and digital sources .
In addition , the Four Power Treaty , signed by the United States , Great Britain , France , and Japan in 1921 , committed the signatories to eschewing any territorial expansion in Asia .
The terminal bronchioles subdivide into microscopic branches called respiratory bronchioles .
By this definition , the level of modernity within a society is judged by the sophistication of its technology , particularly as it relates to infrastructure , industry , and the like .
This portion of the First Amendment regulates not the government ’s promotion of religion , but rather government suppression of religious beliefs and practices .
Investigative work like Upton Sinclair ’s serialized novel The Jungle led to changes in the way industrial workers were treated and local political machines were run .
In everyday language , people often refer to this subtype as the winter blues .
Membership groups often consist of people who have common issues or concerns , or who want to be with others who share their views .
CoA is made from vitamin B5 , pantothenic acid .
4311 .
4760 .
5718 .
Liberal internationalism advocates a foreign policy approach in which the United States becomes proactively engaged in world affairs .
The synaptonemal complex , a lattice of proteins between the homologous chromosomes , first forms at specific locations and then spreads to cover the entire length of the chromosomes .
I know I read the book in high school , and I remember that one of the main characters is named Scout , and her father is an attorney , but I honestly do n’t remember anything else . ”
4024 .
All other paths of de - excitation involve smaller steps , in which lower - energy ( longer wavelength ) photons are emitted .
David Souter , nominated by Republican George H. W. Bush , more often than not sided with the Court ’s liberal wing .
Species with alternation of generations have both haploid and diploid multicellular organisms as part of their life cycle .
3153 .
The total number of units purchased at that price is called the quantity demanded .
The next year , Congress passed the Homeland Security Act , creating the Department of Homeland Security , which centralized control over a number of different government functions in order to better control threats at home ( [ link ] ) .
Prejudice often begins in the form of a stereotype — that is , a specific belief or assumption about individuals based solely on their membership in a group , regardless of their individual characteristics .
First , interstate commerce was interpreted broadly to mean “ commercial intercourse ” among states , thus allowing Congress to regulate navigation .
That is , heat will flow from the hotter object to the cooler one until they have exactly the same temperature .
In addition , their mode of nutrition was poorly understood .
Simple interest is an interest rate calculation only on the principal amount .
Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder ( ADHD )
Foreign markets beckon , tourism helps spur economic development at home and abroad , and global environmental challenges require cross - national conversation .
5960 .
1433 .
Genes , the functional units of chromosomes , determine specific characteristics by coding for specific proteins .
Experiments have shown that the more energetic the α α size 12 { α } { } decay of a particular nuclide is , the shorter is its half - life .
The zygote then develops into a planuliform larva .
Clearly , a whopping trade surplus is no guarantee of economic good health .
Ideally , the people who observe and record the children ’s behavior are unaware of who was assigned to the experimental or control group , in order to control for experimenter bias .
These investigators found that people who experienced several stressful life events were significantly more likely to experience episodes of major depression if they carried one or two short versions of this gene than if they carried two long versions .
6790 .
There is also no way to prevent children from answering the survey .
In general , smoking cessation programs may be effective in the short term , but it is unclear whether these effects persist ( Cropley , Theadom , Pravettoni , & Webb , 2008 ; Levitt , Shaw , Wong , & Kaczorowski , 2007 ; Smedslund , Fisher , Boles , & Lichtenstein , 2004 ) .
1699 .
6489 .
There is one chief justice , who is the lead or highest - ranking judge on the Court , and eight associate justices .
Second , the filtrate is collected in the renal tubules .
This provision is similar to the Fifth Amendment in that it also refers to “ due process , ” a term that generally means people must be treated fairly and impartially by government officials ( or with what is commonly referred to as substantive due process ) .
395 .
Once legislation has been proposed , however , the majority leadership consults with the parliamentarian about which committee to send it to .
In this situation , the level of aggregate expenditure is too low for GDP to reach its full employment level , and unemployment will occur .
4223 .
6000 .
Traditionally , microbiology has been taught with the view that microorganisms are best studied under pure culture conditions , which involves isolating a single type of cell and culturing it in the laboratory .
The first settlements were in the mid - Atlantic region of New York , Pennsylvania , and New Jersey and diffused into the middle portion of the United States in a fairly straight line from Ohio to Wyoming .
A conceptual model describes ecosystem structure and dynamics and shows how environmental disturbances affect the ecosystem ; however , its ability to predict the effects of these disturbances is limited .
Treaty Politics and the Rise of Executive Agreements : International Commitments in a System of Shared Powers .
5068 .
We start with the elastic collision of two objects moving along the same line — a one - dimensional problem .
Depositors racing to the bank to withdraw their deposits , as shown in [ link ] is called a bank run .
1417 .
During the mitotic phase , the replicated DNA and cytoplasmic contents are separated , and the cell divides .
As revolutionary rhetoric emanating from Bolshevik Russia intensified in 1918 and 1919 , a Red Scare erupted in the United States over fear that Communist infiltrators sought to overthrow the American government as part of an international revolution ( [ link ] ) .
2483 .
DNA and RNA are made up of monomers known as nucleotides .
Electrons are much smaller in mass than protons , weighing only 9.11 × 10 - 28 grams , or about 1 / 1800 of an atomic mass unit .
( credit a , b : modification of work by the U.S. Department of State )
The demand for a product can also be affected by changes in the prices of related goods such as substitutes or complements .
The relative biological effectiveness ( RBE ) or quality factor ( QF ) is given in [ link ] for several types of ionizing radiation — the effect of the radiation is directly proportional to the RBE .
4093 .
For example , suppose an 85-year - old retiree with an expired driver ’s license wants to register to vote .
Researchers Rotton and Kelly ( 1985 ) conducted a meta - analysis of research on the full moon ’s effects on behavior .
To better understand , imagine this scenario : Greg returns home from work , and upon opening the front door his wife happily greets him and inquires about his day .
2685 .
The Help America Vote Act of 2002 ( HAVA ) was passed in order to reform voting across the states and reduce these problems .
Upon taking office in 1933 during the Great Depression ( 1929–1939 ) , President Franklin D. Roosevelt initiated a series of legislative proposals to boost the economy and put people back to work .
Societal traditions , public opinion , and politics have often stood in the way of the full expansion of rights and liberties to different groups , and not everyone has agreed that these rights should be expanded as they have been by the courts .
3471 .
Radial glia serve as scaffolds for developing neurons as they migrate to their end destinations .
Graham advocated baths and cleanliness in general to preserve health ; hydropathy , or water cures for various ailments , became popular in the United States in the 1840s and 1850s .
The mitotic phase is a multistep process during which the duplicated chromosomes are aligned , separated , and move into two new , identical daughter cells .
6005 .
Those in the other rope are in a horizontal plane and are horizontally polarized .
This added independence is called home rule , and the transfer of power is typically spelled out within a charter .
The amount of food aid for which a household is eligible varies by income , number of children , and other factors but , in general , households are expected to spend about 30 % of their own net income on food , and if 30 % of their net income is not enough to purchase a nutritionally adequate diet , then those households are eligible for SNAP .
Muscle spindles are stretch receptors that detect the amount of stretch , or lengthening of muscles .
In simple terms , the theory states that organisms that are better suited for their environment will survive and reproduce , while those that are poorly suited for their environment will die off .
1747 .
The Fifteenth Amendment stated that people could not be denied the right to vote based on “ race , color , or previous condition of servitude . ”
The neuron is a small information processor , and dendrites serve as input sites where signals are received from other neurons .
In 1979 , an exemption was granted to get - out - the vote and grassroots voter registration drives , creating what has become known as the soft - money loophole ; soft money was a way in which interests could spend money on behalf of candidates without being restricted by federal law .
Remember that the real interest rate is the nominal interest rate minus the rate of inflation .
6842 .
One of the Anti - Federalists , Brutus , whom most scholars believe to be Robert Yates , wrote : “ The powers , rights , and authority , granted to the general government by this Constitution , are as complete , with respect to every object to which they extend , as that of any state government — It reaches to every thing which concerns human happiness — Life , liberty , and property , are under its controul [ sic ] .
Second , Congress imposed several conditions for readmitting former Confederate states into the Union ; among them was ratification of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Amendments .
3064 .
[ link ] illustrates the marginal costs that a firm faces in reducing pollution .
3670 .
Group II viruses have single - stranded DNA ( ssDNA ) as their genome .
Nearly all ( about 99 percent ) cnidarians are marine species .
4247 .
Ethnographies involve objective observation of an entire community .
Spain agreed on the condition that the resettled people convert to Roman Catholicism .
For example , if a pharmaceutical firm has a patent on a new drug , then no other firm can manufacture or sell that drug for twenty - one years , unless the firm with the patent grants permission .
The labia minora are thin folds of tissue centrally located within the labia majora .
These needs are often depicted as a pyramid ( [ link ] ) .
The means to do this is chosen in meetings of the two major parties ; Republican meetings are called party conferences and Democrat meetings are called party caucuses .
So , in order for a trade deficit to switch to a trade surplus , a nation ’s exports must rise and its imports must fall .
1594 .
Over time , Congress and the president have strengthened these protections with additional acts .
6784 .
Although command economies have a very centralized structure for economic decisions , market economies have a very decentralized structure .
Explore this website for additional information on pollinators . More than 80 percent of angiosperms depend on animals for pollination : the transfer of pollen from the anther to the stigma .
Farsightedness , or hyperopia , is the inability to see close objects clearly while distant objects may be clear .
6442 .
The temporal lobe is located at the base of the brain by your ears and is primarily involved in processing and interpreting sounds .
Let ’s look at the reasoning behind this thesis .
644 .
5241 .
In a 1957 work , An Economic Theory of Democracy , the economist Anthony Downs stated the problem this way : “ It seems probable that for a great many citizens in a democracy , rational behavior excludes any investment whatever in political information per se .
While you ’re likely familiar with the term “ IQ ” and associate it with the idea of intelligence , what does IQ really mean ?
The forearm extends from the elbow to the wrist and consists of two bones : the ulna and the radius .
Not to be deterred , Polk encouraged Thomas O. Larkin , the U.S. consul in Monterey , to assist any American settlers and any Californios , the Mexican residents of the state , who wished to proclaim their independence from Mexico .
Equally alarming , a study by the Commonwealth Fund shows that in 2010 , 81 million adults were either uninsured or underinsured ; that is , people who pay at least 10 percent of their income on healthcare costs not covered by insurance or , for low - income adults , those whose medical expenses or deductibles are at least 5 percent of their income ( Schoen , Doty , Robertson , and Collins 2011 ) .
These changes , called cytopathic ( causing cell damage ) effects , can change cell functions or even destroy the cell .
893 .
Congress can not possibly legislate on that level of detail , so the experts in the bureaucracy do so .
Increasing the respiration rate increases the flow - resistive work of the airways and decreases the elastic work of the muscles .
When Brian Williams of NBC was accused of lying about his experiences in Iraq and New Orleans , he was suspended pending an investigation .
Literally , PhD refers to a doctor of philosophy degree , but here , philosophy does not refer to the field of philosophy per se .
Cyanobacteria ( [ link ] ) began the oxygenation of the atmosphere .
Eukaryotic genes are composed of exons , which correspond to protein - coding sequences ( ex - on signifies that they are expressed ) , and intervening sequences called introns ( int - ron denotes their intervening role ) , which may be involved in gene regulation but are removed from the pre - mRNA during processing .
Praise , linked to affection , is one example of a secondary reinforcer , as when you called out “ Great shot ! ” every time Joaquin made a goal .
5939 .
Group IV viruses have ssRNA as their genome with a positive polarity .
Statisticians who calculate GDP must avoid the mistake of double counting , in which output is counted more than once as it travels through the stages of production .
For an individual to experience stress , he must first encounter a potential stressor .
6245 .
2387 .
This is called the interbank market .
Sublimation is the transition from solid to vapor phase .
Another approach is to require a cosigner on a loan ; that is , another person or firm who legally pledges to repay some or all of the money if the original borrower does not do so .
The epidermis is usually one cell layer thick ; however , in plants that grow in very hot or very cold conditions , the epidermis may be several layers thick to protect against excessive water loss from transpiration .
Because we often feel a strong sense of belonging and emotional connection to our in - groups , we develop in - group bias : a preference for our own group over other groups .
The visible light , although dramatic , transfers relatively little thermal energy .
4027 .
In this scenario , people are paid less than they are charged for room and board .
2715 .
2372 .
Among other things , it created the Federal Election Commission ( FEC ) , required candidates to disclose where their money was coming from and where they were spending it , limited individual contributions , and provided for public financing of presidential campaigns .
The more similar a stimulus is to the condition stimulus , the more likely the organism is to give the conditioned response .
1885 .
The legal landscape changed dramatically as a result of the 1973 ruling in Roe v. Wade , Roe v. Wade , 410 U.S. 113 ( 1973 ) .
To understand why this is so , consider a different way of writing out the basic definition of profit :
Fred Greenstein .
The bending of a wave around the edges of an opening or an obstacle is called diffraction .
The first houses built by western settlers were typically made of mud and sod with thatch roofs , as there was little timber for building .
Some House and Senate members ask to serve on the foreign policy committees , such as the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations , the House Foreign Affairs Committee , and the two defense committees ( [ link ] ) .
With regard to fiscal policy , the automatic stabilizers discussed in Government Budgets and Fiscal Policy should be allowed to work , even if this means larger budget deficits in times of recession .
3951 .
This is because these bonds can release energy when broken .
Social loafing is the exertion of less effort by a person working together with a group .
That is , they are always slightly active even when not stimulated by light .
3774 .
Instead , economists use game theory , a branch of mathematics that analyzes situations in which players must make decisions and then receive payoffs based on what other players decide to do .
Joseph Pulitzer and the New York World gave them what they wanted .
K - selected species are species selected by stable , predictable environments .
5709 .
In a healthy society , all parts work together to maintain stability , a state called dynamic equilibrium by later sociologists such as Parsons ( 1961 ) .
Its philosophy was expressed in its manifesto , the Port Huron Statement , written by Tom Hayden and adopted in 1962 , affirming the group ’s dedication to fighting economic inequality and discrimination .
All early - stage investors realize that the majority of small startup businesses will never hit it big ; indeed , many of them will go out of business within a few months or years .
The 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ( ACA ) , also known as Obamacare , represented a substantial overhaul of the U.S. healthcare system .
One disease that results in sensorineural hearing loss is Ménière 's disease .
Even though CDOs consisted of subprime mortgages , credit card debt , and other risky investments , credit ratings agencies had a financial incentive to rate them as very safe .
In the 1910s , Edith Bolling Wilson took a more active but still private role assisting her husband , President Woodrow Wilson , afflicted by a stroke , in the last years of his presidency .
5264 .
African Americans were routinely deprived of the opportunity to participate in democracy , and Hispanics and other minority groups were fairly insignificant in number and excluded by the states .
2121 .
3545 .
One of the outcomes of the transition is something he called social anomie .
However , because he did not win the majority ( more than half ) of the available electoral votes , the election was decided by the House of Representatives , as required by the Twelfth Amendment .
For some — luxury cars , vacations in Europe , and fine jewelry — the effect of a rise in income can be especially pronounced .
6428 .
The Federal Reserve has , since 1995 , established its target federal funds rate in advance of any open market operations .
The main institutional bodies of the UN are the General Assembly and the Security Council .
“ Crossfire : Jon Stewart ’s America , ” CNN , 15 October 2004 , http://www.cnn.com/TRANSCRIPTS/0410/15/cf.01.html .
This allows for exchange of chemical messengers between the different cell types .
5884 .
Assimilation is the biomass ( energy content generated per unit area ) of the present trophic level after accounting for the energy lost due to incomplete ingestion of food , energy used for respiration , and energy lost as waste .
Examples of block grants include the Workforce Investment Act program , which provides state and local agencies money to help youths and adults obtain skill sets that will lead to better - paying jobs , and the Surface Transportation Program , which helps state and local governments maintain and improve highways , bridges , tunnels , sidewalks , and bicycle paths .
The sympathetic nervous system is involved in preparing the body for stress - related activities ; the parasympathetic nervous system is associated with returning the body to routine , day - to - day operations .
3425 .
Science ( from the Latin scientia , meaning “ knowledge ” ) can be defined as knowledge that covers general truths or the operation of general laws , especially when acquired and tested by the scientific method .
These five genes are next to each other in what is called the tryptophan ( trp ) operon ( [ link ] ) .
The Schachter - Singer two - factor theory of emotion is another variation on theories of emotions that takes into account both physiological arousal and the emotional experience .
1140 .
990 .
2583 .
There is a well - defined temperature for ferromagnetic materials , which is called the Curie temperature , above which they can not be magnetized .
The stimulating growth factor was found to be cytokinin , a hormone that promotes cytokinesis ( cell division ) .
Consider the apparatus shown in [ link ] , which swings a pendulum bob between the poles of a strong magnet .
Another illustration of religious beliefs is the creation stories we find in different religions .
Natural selection does not act on individual alleles , however , but on entire organisms .
5122 .
4620 .
Often referred to as the Ford Hunger March , the event unfolded as a planned demonstration among unemployed Ford workers who , to protest their desperate situation , marched nine miles from Detroit to the company ’s River Rouge plant in Dearborn .
Below the thalamus is the hypothalamus , shown in [ link ] .
Purging the food by inducing vomiting or through the use of laxatives are two common compensatory behaviors .
Many restriction endonucleases make staggered cuts in the two strands of DNA , such that the cut ends have a 2- or 4-base single - stranded overhang .
Extra - embryonic membranes are membranes present in amniotic eggs that are not a part of the body of the developing embryo .
They are asymmetrical , radial , or bilateral in form as illustrated in [ link ] .
Amphibia includes frogs , salamanders , and caecilians .
Dependency TheoryDependency theory was created in part as a response to the Western - centric mindset of modernization theory .
This forced migration , known as the Trail of Tears , caused the deaths of as many as four thousand Cherokee ( [ link ] ) .
In a 1969 case involving the Ku Klux Klan , Brandenburg v. Ohio , the Supreme Court found that only speech or writing that constituted a direct call or plan to imminent lawless action , an illegal act in the immediate future , could be suppressed ; the mere advocacy of a hypothetical revolution was not enough .
First , the amendment says , “ no State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States , ” which is a provision that echoes the privileges and immunities clause in Article IV , Section 2 , of the original Constitution ensuring that states treat citizens of other states the same as their own citizens .
Lucia Stanton .
At the peak of the spike , the sodium gates close and the potassium gates open .
3044 .
The pituitary is often referred to as the “ master gland ” because its messenger hormones control all the other glands in the endocrine system , although it mostly carries out instructions from the hypothalamus .
859 .
3177 .
The dura mater also contains vein - like structures that carry blood from the brain back to the heart .
Although the states in which these casinos are located have attempted to control gaming on Native American lands , the Supreme Court and the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act of 1988 have limited their ability to do so .
The addition of foreign DNA in the form of recombinant DNA vectors generated by molecular cloning is the most common method of genetic engineering .
It is a vital component of any successful party because it bears most of the responsibility for building and maintaining the party “ brand . ” It also plays a key role in helping select , and elect , candidates for public office .
2675 .
The first cytokines to be produced are pro - inflammatory ; that is , they encourage inflammation , the localized redness , swelling , heat , and pain that result from the movement of leukocytes and fluid through increasingly permeable capillaries to a site of infection .
This wage - setting behavior acts like a form of insurance : the employee has some protection against wage declines in bad times , but pays for that protection with lower wages in good times .
1831 .
68 .
1521 .
3894 .
3665 .
72 .
During Reconstruction , Congress tried to curtail the president ’s removal power with the Tenure of Office Act ( 1867 ) , which required Senate concurrence to remove presidential nominees who took office upon Senate confirmation .
How did your prejudice develop ?
Unemployment rates in the nations of Europe have typically been higher than in the United States .
This scanning electron micrograph shows methicillin - resistant Staphylococcus aureus bacteria , commonly known as MRSA .
A series of sieve - tube cells ( also called sieve - tube elements ) are arranged end to end to make up a long sieve tube , which transports organic substances such as sugars and amino acids .
In other words , if there is a non - discriminatory way to accomplish the goal in question , discrimination should not take place .
953 .
We will define net external force in the next section .
The different elements are organized and displayed in the periodic table .
She also wrote a newspaper column and had a weekly radio show .
1328 .
3022 .
540 . coli can also synthesize tryptophan using enzymes that are encoded by five genes .
3446 .
Title IX applies to all educational institutions that receive federal aid and prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex in academic programs , dormitory space , health - care access , and school activities including sports .
Clearly , the bank can not survive in the long term if it is paying out more in interest to depositors than it is receiving from borrowers .
4217 .
Instead , workers in these countries are engaged in short - term work , subsistence activities , and barter .
Some leaves are attached to the plant stem by a petiole .
Creativity in this realm can include finding a novel solution to an unexpected problem or producing a beautiful work of art or a well - developed short story .
Chemical energy is responsible for providing living cells with energy from food .
For example , much of the debate over gun safety policy in the United States has centered on the unwillingness of Congress to act , even in the face of public opinion that supports some changes to gun policy .
Pavlov studied a form of learning behavior called a conditioned reflex , in which an animal or human produced a reflex ( unconscious ) response to a stimulus and , over time , was conditioned to produce the response to a different stimulus that the experimenter associated with the original stimulus .
3492 .
They are rapidly adapting mechanoreceptors that sense deep transient ( but not prolonged ) pressure and high - frequency vibration .
Once inside the cell , many of these molecules bind to proteins that act as regulators of mRNA synthesis ( transcription ) to mediate gene expression .
2506 .
( b ) Gage ’s prefrontal cortex was severely damaged in the left hemisphere .
When investigators uncovered a collection of thirty - six letter bombs at a New York City post office , with recipients that included several federal , state , and local public officials , as well as industrial leaders such as John D. Rockefeller , fears grew significantly .
Uncertainty is a quantitative measure of how much your measured values deviate from a standard or expected value .
3524 .
Some plants , however , also have adventitious roots , which emerge above the ground from the shoot .
In the following excerpt ( reproduced as written ) from a letter dated March 15 , 1789 , after the Constitution had been ratified by nine states but before it had been approved by all thirteen , Jefferson reiterates his previously expressed concerns that a bill of rights to protect citizens ’ freedoms was necessary and should be added to the Constitution :
A current loop always produces a magnetic dipole — that is , a magnetic field that acts like a north pole and south pole pair .
In some mollusks , the zygote hatches and undergoes two larval stages — trochophore and veliger — before becoming a young adult ; bivalves may exhibit a third larval stage , glochidia .
The Asian American Movement .
Self - disclosure is the sharing of personal information ( Laurenceau , Barrett , & Pietromonaco , 1998 ) .
3364 .
In some cases , the intracellular domain of the receptor itself is an enzyme .
Nevertheless , the public and political profiles of first ladies remain high , and in the future , the president ’s spouse will have the opportunity to use that unelected position to advance policies that might well be less controversial and more appealing than those pushed by the president .
Let 's consider the two neoclassical building blocks in turn , and how they can be embodied in the aggregate demand / aggregate supply model .
4829 .
Under President George Washington , the bureaucracy remained small enough to accomplish only the necessary tasks at hand . For the early origins of the U.S. bureaucracy see Michael Nelson .
Others have proposed abandoning any tree - like model of phylogeny in favor of a ring structure , the so - called “ ring of life ” ( [ link ] ) ; a phylogenetic model where all three domains of life evolved from a pool of primitive prokaryotes .
The graphs we have discussed so far are called line graphs , because they show a relationship between two variables : one measured on the horizontal axis and the other measured on the vertical axis .
( All particles have antimatter counterparts that are nearly identical except that they have the opposite charge .
2429 .
In other words , when income increases , the demand curve shifts to the left .
6509 .
3455 .
While not always easy to measure , according to Walter McMahon , the positive externalities to education typically include better health outcomes for the population , lower levels of crime , a cleaner environment and a more stable , democratic government .
695 .
1618 .
One Gestalt principle is the figure - ground relationship .
Moreover , filibusters are not permitted on the annual budget reconciliation act ( the Reconciliation Act of 2010 was the act under which the implementing legislation for Obamacare was passed ) .
An inefficient organization operates with long delays and high costs , while an efficient organization meets schedules , is focused , and performs within budget .
Release of neurotransmitter at inhibitory synapses causes inhibitory postsynaptic potentials ( IPSPs ) , a hyperpolarization of the presynaptic membrane .
Upward mobility refers to an increase — or upward shift — in social class .
Justices in the majority argued that the BCRA violated a corporation ’s free speech rights .
Following is a stark review of social priorities which has been widely publicized by the international aid organization , Oxfam International . 5223 .
Several physical changes occur during puberty , such as adrenarche and gonadarche , the maturing of the adrenal glands and sex glands , respectively .
The privileges and immunities clause of Article IV asserts that states are prohibited from discriminating against out - of - staters by denying them such guarantees as access to courts , legal protection , property rights , and travel rights .
Each of the 31 spinal nerves ( in humans ) contains both sensory and motor axons .
Occasionally , the Court will fast - track a case that has special urgency , such as Bush v. Gore in the wake of the 2000 election . Bush v. Gore , 531 U.S. 98 ( 2000 ) .
In 1793 , Eli Whitney revolutionized the production of cotton when he invented the cotton gin , a device that separated the seeds from raw cotton .
6881 .
1755 .
Cognitive development involves learning , attention , memory , language , thinking , reasoning , and creativity .
Du Bois , a professor at the all - black Atlanta University and the first African American with a doctorate from Harvard , emerged as the prominent spokesperson for what would later be dubbed the Niagara Movement .
Rothman had conducted a form of study called participant observation , in which researchers join people and participate in a group ’s routine activities for the purpose of observing them within that context .
Animals ( including humans ) need to distinguish between stimuli — for example , between sounds that predict a threatening event and sounds that do not — so that they can respond appropriately ( such as running away if the sound is threatening ) .
GDP includes only what is produced within a country ’s borders .
October 4 , 2013 . http://www.cnn.com/2013/10/01/politics/different-government-shutdowns/ ( February 18 , 2016 ) .
Some desert animals use this to survive the harshest months of the year .
6964 .
Recall that macromolecules are produced by the polymerization of smaller units called monomers .
More precisely , the long - run average cost curve will be the least expensive average cost curve for any level of output .
A high proportion of trade , however , is intra - industry trade — that is , trade of goods within the same industry from one country to another .
This leads to a sense of “ disenchantment of the world , ” a phrase Weber used to describe the final condition of humanity .
One way researchers test social theories is by conducting an experiment , meaning they investigate relationships to test a hypothesis — a scientific approach .
Following the publication of the Pentagon Papers , for instance , the “ plumbers , ” a group of men used by the White House to spy on the president ’s opponents and stop leaks to the press , broke into the office of Daniel Ellsberg ’s psychiatrist to steal Ellsberg ’s file and learn information that might damage his reputation .
6537 .
Borderline personality disorder is characterized chiefly by instability in interpersonal relationships , self - image , and mood , as well as marked impulsivity ( APA , 2013 ) .
Art Connection 1819 .
948 .
This program was often just called “ welfare . ” In 1996 , Congress passed and President Bill Clinton signed into law the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act , more commonly called the “ welfare reform act . ” The new law replaced AFDC with Temporary Assistance for Needy Families ( TANF ) .
His idea that learning is the result of consequences is based on the law of effect , which was first proposed by psychologist Edward Thorndike .
4740 .
But because it replaced the Sherbert test with one that allowed more government regulation of religious practices , followers of other religious traditions grew concerned that state and local laws , even ones neutral on their face , might be used to curtail their religious practices .
Social scientists take the idea of the surveillance society so seriously that there is an entire journal devoted to its study , Surveillance and Society .
2878 .
Tariffs are taxes that governments place on imported goods for a variety of reasons .
Axons range in length from a fraction of an inch to several feet .
Early on , the power to nominate presidents for office bubbled up from the party operatives in the various state legislatures and toward what was known as the king caucus or congressional caucus .
“ Supreme Court Procedures . ” United States Courts .
4432 .
He also objected to the Catholic Church ’s taxation of ordinary Germans and the delivery of Mass in Latin , arguing that it failed to instruct German Catholics , who did not understand the language .
1029 .
Since the price of T - shirts is twice as high as the price of movies , to maximize utility the last T - shirt chosen needs to provide exactly twice the marginal utility ( MU ) of the last movie .
Some infected cells , such as those infected by the common cold virus known as rhinovirus , die through lysis ( bursting ) or apoptosis ( programmed cell death or “ cell suicide ” ) , releasing all progeny virions at once .
In sum , the modern synthesis describes how evolutionary processes , such as natural selection , can affect a population ’s genetic makeup , and , in turn , how this can result in the gradual evolution of populations and species .
In 2002 , Congress passed and President George W. Bush signed into law the Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act ( BCRA ) .
5550 .
At one end , there has been strong demand for low - skilled , low - paying jobs in industries like food service and retail .
It takes a fairly large number of people in close proximity to form a crowd ( Lofland 1993 ) .
Some transformers even provide a variable output by allowing connection to be made at different points on the secondary coil .
His primary concern was that the cultural glue that held society together was failing , and people were becoming more divided .
Intervertebral discs composed of fibrous cartilage lie between adjacent vertebral bodies from the second cervical vertebra to the sacrum .
When we experience events in our lives that we appraise as stressful , it is essential that we use effective coping strategies to manage our stress .
1439 .
10 , James Madison warned of the dangers of “ factions , ” minorities who would organize around issues they felt strongly about , possibly to the detriment of the majority .
The Governmental Process .
5677 .
Government also offers substantial support for universities and colleges .
1194 .
PRH stimulates the release of prolactin and PIH inhibits it . The posterior pituitary releases the hormone oxytocin , which stimulates uterine contractions during childbirth .
A top - two primary , sometimes called a jungle primary , pits all candidates against each other , regardless of party affiliation .
The U.S. Constitution outlines the treaty process in Article II .
The world ’s nations meet through the WTO to negotiate how they can reduce barriers to trade , such as tariffs .
The organism that receives the recombinant DNA is called a genetically modified organism ( GMO ) .
6342 .
4330 .
Spontaneous mutations occur without any exposure to any environmental agent ; they are a result of natural reactions taking place within the body .
Genetic drift can also be magnified by natural events , such as a natural disaster that kills — at random — a large portion of the population .
The subclass Hirudinea includes leeches such as Hirudo medicinalis and Hemiclepsis marginata .
2206 .
See Wilson .
The brain ’s parietal lobe is located immediately behind the frontal lobe , and is involved in processing information from the body ’s senses .
The ecosystem is composed of all the biotic components ( living things ) in an area along with the abiotic components ( non - living things ) of that area .
Someone trained in reading these tests would look for answers to questions that are associated with increased levels of arousal as potential signs that the respondent may have been dishonest on those answers .
3239 .
The name at each level is also called a taxon .
Taste , also called gustation , and smell , also called olfaction , are the most interconnected senses in that both involve molecules of the stimulus entering the body and bonding to receptors .
2073 .
In the presence of oxygen , acetyl CoA delivers its acetyl group to a four - carbon molecule , oxaloacetate , to form citrate , a six - carbon molecule with three carboxyl groups ; this pathway will harvest the remainder of the extractable energy from what began as a glucose molecule .
In 1978 , in Bakke v. California , the Supreme Court upheld affirmative action and said that colleges and universities could consider race when deciding whom to admit but could not establish racial quotas . Bakke v. California , 438 U.S. 265 ( 1978 ) .
According to pluralist theory , people with shared interests will form groups in order to make their desires known to politicians .
The question of whether stress and negative emotional states can influence immune function has captivated researchers for over three decades , and discoveries made over that time have dramatically changed the face of health psychology ( Kiecolt - Glaser , 2009 ) .
When the price of gasoline rises , for example , it encourages profit - seeking firms to take several actions : expand exploration for oil reserves ; drill for more oil ; invest in more pipelines and oil tankers to bring the oil to plants where it can be refined into gasoline ; build new oil refineries ; purchase additional pipelines and trucks to ship the gasoline to gas stations ; and open more gas stations or keep existing gas stations open longer hours .
The components of the normal force N in the horizontal and vertical directions must equal the centripetal force and the weight of the car , respectively .
4549 .
As you ’ve learned , the only way to establish that there is a cause - and - effect relationship between two variables is to conduct a scientific experiment .
Geographic separation between populations can lead to differences in the phenotypic variation between those populations .
As the new governor , you need to decide whether to continue funding the D.A.R.E .
2650 .
After all , positive externalities exist from investment in education .
In late 1941 , the program received its code name : the Manhattan Project .
1482 .
Blood plasma is actually the dominant component of blood and contains the water , proteins , electrolytes , lipids , and glucose .
That is particularly true now , when many people get their news primarily from the Internet and social media .
674 .
1567 .
The kind of computer you own , the kind of car you drive , your ability to afford the latest Apple product — these serve as a social indicator of wealth and status .
The aptly named stapes looks very much like a stirrup .
Foraging is the act of searching for and exploiting food resources .
3869 .
3438 .
Microbial bioremediation is the use of prokaryotes ( or microbial metabolism ) to remove pollutants .
Ignition is defined to occur when the reactions produce enough energy to be self - sustaining after external energy input is cut off .
During plateau , women experience further swelling of the vagina and increased blood flow to the labia minora , and men experience full erection and often exhibit pre - ejaculatory fluid .
6956 .
324 .
The creation of a voltage across a current - carrying conductor by a magnetic field is known as the Hall effect , after Edwin Hall , the American physicist who discovered it in 1879 .
4917 .
The amplitude of a wave is the height of a wave as measured from the highest point on the wave ( peak or crest ) to the lowest point on the wave ( trough ) .
Religious experience refers to the conviction or sensation that we are connected to “ the divine . ”
194 .
However , temperance enjoyed a revival in the 1840s , as a new type of reformer took up the cause against alcohol .
With a variable interval reinforcement schedule , the person or animal gets the reinforcement based on varying amounts of time , which are unpredictable .
The male reproductive organs , the stamens ( collectively called the androecium ) , surround the central carpel .
316 .
In July 1991 , Gorbachev and Bush signed the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty , or START , which committed their countries to reducing their nuclear arsenals by 25 percent .
First , if consumers are paying higher prices to the protected industry , they inevitably have less money to spend on goods from other industries , and so jobs are lost in those other industries .
Hot air rises because its volume increases , which causes the hot air ’s density to be smaller than the density of surrounding air , causing a buoyant ( upward ) force on the hot air .
The financial investor buys shares of the mutual fund , and then receives a return based on how the fund as a whole performs .
1657 .
Limits on Animal Size and ShapeAnimals with bilateral symmetry that live in water tend to have a fusiform shape : this is a tubular shaped body that is tapered at both ends .
While Deuteromycota use to be a classification group , recent moleclular analysis has shown that the members classified in this group belong to the Ascomycota or the Basidiomycota classifications .
Neurobiological theories of panic disorder suggest that a region of the brain called the locus coeruleus may play a role in this disorder .
5366 .
Some newer CPAP masks are smaller and cover only the nose .
The final stage is the genital stage ( from puberty on ) .
Roger B. Taney ( nominated in 1836 )
For a market to reach equilibrium sellers and buyers must have full information about the product ’s price and quality .
4666 .
This marked the beginning of what historians call the Second Party System ( the first parties had been the Federalists and the Jeffersonian Republicans ) , with the splitting of the Democratic - Republicans and the formation of two new political parties .
Miranda v. Arizona , 384 U.S. 436 ( 1966 ) .
While we do have limited numbers of effective antiviral drugs , such as those used to treat HIV and influenza , the primary method of controlling viral disease is by vaccination , which is intended to prevent outbreaks by building immunity to a virus or virus family ( [ link ] ) .
Streams begin at a point of origin referred to as source water .
Positive polarity means that the genomic RNA can serve directly as mRNA .
Pulmonary diseases reduce the rate of gas exchange into and out of the lungs .
6978 .
The DCT , which is the last part of the nephron , connects and empties its contents into collecting ducts that line the medullary pyramids .
In 1973 , the Rehabilitation Act made it illegal to discriminate against people with disabilities in federal employment or in programs run by federal agencies or receiving federal funding .
Some of these countries include the United States , Germany , Canada , and the United Kingdom ( World Bank 2014b ) .
In terms of brain wave activity , stage 1 sleep is associated with both alpha and theta waves .
The chorion facilitates exchange of oxygen and carbon dioxide between the embryo and the egg ’s external environment .
This is called acclimatization .
The area under the curve in that case is negative , because ΔVΔV size 12{ΔV } { } is negative .
4129 .
The marginal revenue curve shows the additional revenue gained from selling one more unit .
Each of the separated rays has a specific polarization .
3235 .
Lakota physician Charles Eastman ( [ link ] ) also worked for Native American rights .
In cases of resistant attachment , children tend to show clingy behavior , but then they reject the attachment figure ’s attempts to interact with them ( Ainsworth & Bell , 1970 ) .
On the small scale , the potential difference creates an electric field that exerts force on charges , causing current .
3186 .
But ideal culture differs from real culture , the way society actually is , based on what occurs and exists .
547 .
Private enterprise , the ownership of businesses by private individuals , is a hallmark of the U.S. economy .
Metabolism is an interesting example of the first law of thermodynamics in action .
6963 .
Young stems that can be bent easily without any injury are preferred .
6009 .
1505 .
Generally , people who act as observers are closely involved in the research project and may unconsciously skew their observations to fit their research goals or expectations .
Waves having such a direction are said to be polarized .
Beginning in 1897 , the Supreme Court has found that various provisions of the Bill of Rights protecting these fundamental liberties must be upheld by the states , even if their state constitutions and laws do not protect them as fully as the Bill of Rights does — or at all .
Cognitive - behavioral therapy ( CBT ) helps clients examine how their thoughts affect their behavior .
Self - efficacy affects how we approach challenges and reach goals .
3858 .
These differences may be difficult for some people to reconcile , which may lead to prejudice toward people who are different .
Amphibia comprises an estimated 6,770 extant species that inhabit tropical and temperate regions around the world .
These are the seminal vesicles , the prostate gland , and the bulbourethral gland , all of which are illustrated in [ link ] .
Evidence from many sources indicates that most psychological disorders have a genetic component ; in fact , there is little dispute that some disorders are largely due to genetic factors .
671 .
874 .
4758 .
Chaos is a word used to describe systems whose outcomes are extremely sensitive to initial conditions .
Finally , an extra quantum number with three values ( like those we assign to color ) is necessary for quarks to obey the Pauli exclusion principle .
The middle , close - to - vertical portion of the labor supply curve reflects the situation of a person who reacts to a higher wage by supplying about the same quantity of labor .
Primary reinforcers are reinforcers that have innate reinforcing qualities .
We call this twofold nature the particle - wave duality , meaning that EM radiation has both particle and wave properties .
People disagree about whether members of the LGBT community should be allowed to marry or whether arrested persons should be read their rights , guaranteed an attorney , and/or have their cell phones protected from police search .
1042 .
1722 .
2459 .
Medicaid ( which provides medical assistance to the indigent ) , Medicare ( which provides health insurance to the elderly and disabled ) , and school nutrition programs were created .
At the higher union wage Wu , the firms in this industry will hire less labor than they would have hired in equilibrium .
1680 .
Voltmeters draw some extra current , whereas ammeters reduce current flow .
In the spring of 1787 , a convention was called , and delegates from all the states ( except Rhode Island , which boycotted the convention ) were sent to Philadelphia to hammer out a solution to this central problem .
4681 .
The second development regulates federal grants , that is , transfers of federal money to state and local governments .
The primary group is usually made up of significant others , those individuals who have the most impact on our socialization .
Vessel elements are xylem cells with thinner walls ; they are shorter than tracheids .
By the end of the war , however , manpower needs resulted in African American recruits serving in the infantry and flying planes .
In symphyses , hyaline cartilage covers the end of the bone but the connection between bones occurs through fibrocartilage .
Large farms often cut production by laying off sharecroppers or evicting tenant farmers , making the program even worse for them than for small farm owners .
3475 .
In larger organisms , cells combine to make tissues , which are groups of similar cells carrying out similar or related functions .
209 .
4322 .
Ammonia released to the atmosphere , however , represents only 15 percent of the total nitrogen released ; the rest is as N2 and N2O .
The centrosome is a microtubule - organizing center found near the nuclei of animal cells .
Angiotensin II also triggers the release of anti - diuretic hormone ( ADH ) from the hypothalamus , leading to water retention in the kidneys .
The patrons ’ ability to resist arrest and fend off the police inspired many members of New York ’s LGBT community , and the riots persisted over several nights .
427 .
The meat powder in this situation was an unconditioned stimulus ( UCS ) : a stimulus that elicits a reflexive response in an organism .
Schemata are concepts ( mental models ) that are used to help us categorize and interpret information .
Other programs protect against risk , but without an explicit fund being set up .
You ’ve learned a bit about social support , so we ’ll focus the remainder of this discussion on the potential coping strategies of focusing on racial identity and anger expression / suppression . Focusing on racial identity refers to the process by which a person comes to feel as if he belongs to a given racial group ; this may increase a sense of pride associated with group membership .
Lucid dreams are dreams in which certain aspects of wakefulness are maintained during a dream state .
2328 .
After completing a minimum number of years of work , American workers may claim a form of pension upon reaching retirement age .
These dosimeters ( literally , dose meters ) are personal radiation monitors that detect the amount of radiation by the discharge of a rechargeable internal capacitor .
4019 .
They convert their single - stranded genomes into a dsDNA intermediate before transcription to mRNA can occur .
Craig v. Boren , 429 U.S. 190 ( 1976 ) ; Clark v. Jeter , 486 U.S. 456 ( 1988 ) .
Other voters may look to see which candidate is endorsed by the National Organization of Women ( NOW ) , because NOW ’s endorsement will ensure the candidate supports abortion rights .
Unlike the other sleep disorders described in this section , a person with narcolepsy can not resist falling asleep at inopportune times .
5923 .
For example , Marshall Segall , Donald Campbell , and Melville Herskovits ( 1963 ) published the results of a multinational study in which they demonstrated that individuals from Western cultures were more prone to experience certain types of visual illusions than individuals from non - Western cultures , and vice versa .
Straight - ticket voting does have the advantage of reducing ballot fatigue .
Throughout much of the 20th century , this disorder was called shell shock and combat neurosis because its symptoms were observed in soldiers who had engaged in wartime combat .
For example , a person who is dominated by their i d might be narcissistic and impulsive .
Because of the complexity of oligopoly , which is the result of mutual interdependence among firms , there is no single , generally - accepted theory of how oligopolies behave , in the same way that we have theories for all the other market structures .
4344 .
While racial thinking permeated the new country , and slavery existed in all the new states , the ideals of the Revolution generated a movement toward the abolition of slavery .
2846 .
On July 2 , 1776 , Congress declared American independence from Britain and two days later signed the Declaration of Independence .
294 .
This standard became known as the Sherbert test .
Prejudice refers to the beliefs , thoughts , feelings , and attitudes someone holds about a group .
Once in the medulla , the neurons continue carrying the signals to the thalamus .
2135 .
The term representative democracy , which is virtually synonymous with republic , can also be used to describe a government in which citizens elect representatives to promote policies that favor their interests .
4285 .
They can be located upstream of a gene , within the coding region of the gene , downstream of a gene , or may be thousands of nucleotides away .
Durkheim also believed that social integration , or the strength of ties that people have to their social groups , was a key factor in social life .
General Ulysses S. Grant ’s Army of the West , operating in Kentucky , Tennessee , and the Mississippi River Valley , had been more successful .
The Asch effect is the influence of the group majority on an individual ’s judgment .
This larval form , characteristically shaped like a deerstalker cap , devours tissues from the young worm for survival before metamorphosing into the adult - like morphology .
For example , if a product manufacturer is selling to a group of dealers who then sell to the general public it is illegal for the manufacturer to demand a minimum resale price maintenance agreement , which would require the dealers to sell for at least a certain minimum price .
Arizona ’s law has also divided society , because some groups , like the Tea Party movement , have supported its tough stance against illegal immigrants , while other groups have opposed it for humanitarian and human - rights reasons ( [ link ] ) .
Motor skills refer to our ability to move our bodies and manipulate objects .
In U.S. society , peer groups are common reference groups .
In other words , the right to sell and buy labor is a “ liberty of the individual ” safeguarded by the Constitution , the court asserted .
2501 .
For example , in [ link ] ( a ) the system of interest is the wagon plus the child in it .
Mendel ’s choice of these kinds of traits allowed him to see experimentally that the traits were not blended in the offspring , nor were they absorbed , but rather that they kept their distinctness and could be passed on .
7089 .
4167 .
The ability of an ecosystem to remain at equilibrium in spite of disturbances is called resistance .
7039 .
The nominal value of any economic statistic means the statistic is measured in terms of actual prices that exist at the time .
Let ’s begin with some examples of how imperfect information complicates transactions in goods , labor , and financial capital markets .
When the bank ’s charter expired in 1811 , Jeffersonian Democratic - Republicans prevailed in blocking its renewal .
Justices in the majority argued that the BCRA violated a corporation ’s free - speech rights .
The 1932 election is considered an example of a critical election , one that represents a sudden , clear , and long - term shift in voter allegiances .
Despite the fact that one - third of U.S. presidents have appointed a Supreme Court justice in an election year , when Associate Justice Antonin Scalia died unexpectedly in early 2016 , Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell declared that the Senate would not hold hearings on a nominee until after the upcoming presidential election .
The many chetae of polychaetes are also arranged within fleshy , flat , paired appendages that protrude from each segment called parapodia , which may be specialized for different functions in the polychates .
There are thirteen U.S. courts of appeals , or circuit courts , eleven across the nation and two in Washington , DC ( the DC circuit and the federal circuit courts ) , as illustrated in [ link ] .
5835 .
6803 .
Remember , conducting an experiment requires a lot of planning , and the people involved in the research project have a vested interest in supporting their hypotheses .
Hydrophobic , or water - hating molecules , tend to be non - polar .
This model asserted that the enzyme and substrate fit together perfectly in one instantaneous step .
1941 .
For example , Crystal is seeing a psychoanalyst .
6378 .
For Carmichael , Black Power was the power of African Americans to unite as a political force and create their own institutions apart from white - dominated ones , an idea also espoused in the 1920s by political leader and orator Marcus Garvey .
In a test cross , the dominant - expressing organism is crossed with an organism that is homozygous recessive for the same characteristic .
4068 .
How do these observations translate into the way different interests are represented in the political system ?
His successor , Warren Harding , felt differently and signed the Budget and Accounting Act of 1921 .
While the Supreme Court determined that grandfather clauses were unconstitutional in 1915 , states continued to use poll taxes and literacy tests to deter potential voters from registering . Guinn v. United States , 238 U.S. 347 ( 1915 ) .
This is called atomic excitation .
Both genetic linkage maps and physical maps are required to build a complete picture of the genome .
2395 .
Beginning with the reform efforts of Martin Luther in 1517 and John Calvin in the 1530s , however , Catholic dominance came under attack as the Protestant Reformation , a split or schism among European Christians , began .
The first protein to bind to the RNA to initiate translation is the eukaryotic initiation factor-2 ( eIF-2 ) .
4559 .
301 .
The marginal tax rates ( the tax that must be paid on all yearly income ) for a single taxpayer range from 10 % to 35 % , depending on income , as the following Clear It Up feature explains .
The occipital cortex is organized retinotopically , which means there is a close relationship between the position of an object in a person ’s visual field and the position of that object ’s representation on the cortex .
1940 .
Several conflicting theories have been offered .
This module will discuss how expansionary and contractionary monetary policies affect interest rates and aggregate demand , and how such policies will affect macroeconomic goals like unemployment and inflation .
The first , McConnell v. Federal Election Commission ( 2003 ) , resulted in the Supreme Court ’s upholding the act ’s restrictions on how candidates and parties could spend campaign contributions .
A good introduction also gives the rationale of the work ; it justifies the work carried out and also briefly mentions the end of the paper , where the hypothesis or research question driving the research will be presented .
The ureters are urine - bearing tubes that exit the kidney and empty into the urinary bladder .
1857 .
The second most common mental disorders in the United States are mood disorders ; roughly 10 percent of U.S. adults are likely to be affected yearly , while 21 percent are likely to be affected over the course of a lifetime ( National Institute of Mental Health 2005 ) .
4523 .
5059 .
Sellers may offer a warranty , which is a promise to fix or replace the good , at least for a certain period of time .
The chewed and softened food passes through the esophagus after being swallowed .
3379 .
In McCulloch v. Maryland , Chief Justice John Marshall ( [ link ] ) argued that Congress could create a national bank even though the Constitution did not expressly authorize it . McCulloch v. Maryland , 17 U.S. 316 ( 1819 ) .
Reporter and commentator Walter Lippmann noted that citizens have limited personal experience with government and the world and posited that the media , through their stories , place ideas in citizens ’ minds .
458 .
5367 .
The focus on the importance of symbols in building a society led sociologists like Erving Goffman ( 1922 – 1982 ) to develop a technique called dramaturgical analysis .
In ecology , a food chain is a linear sequence of organisms through which nutrients and energy pass : primary producers , primary consumers , and higher - level consumers are used to describe ecosystem structure and dynamics .
As the suburbs became more crowded and lost their charm , those who could afford it turned to the exurbs , communities that exist outside the ring of suburbs and are typically populated by even wealthier families who want more space and have the resources to lengthen their commute .
Anyone who has used a microwave oven knows there is energy in electromagnetic waves .
A bow wake , such as the one in [ link ] , is created when the wave source moves faster than the wave propagation speed .
In ranching , an earmark is a small cut on the ear of a cow or other animal to denote ownership .
Signal SummationSometimes a single EPSP is strong enough to induce an action potential in the postsynaptic neuron , but often multiple presynaptic inputs must create EPSPs around the same time for the postsynaptic neuron to be sufficiently depolarized to fire an action potential .
2352 .
The sexual organs ( carpels and stamens ) are located at the center of the flower .
The aptly - named phototropins are protein - based receptors responsible for mediating the phototropic response .
Personality traits are relatively consistent patterns of thought and behavior , and many have proposed that five trait dimensions are sufficient to capture the variations in personality seen across individuals .
One pro – term limits advocacy group , U.S .
Further breakdown of peptides to single amino acids is aided by enzymes called peptidases ( those that break down peptides ) .
Genetic maps provide the big picture ( similar to a map of interstate highways ) and use genetic markers ( similar to landmarks ) .
Most interestingly , the eukaryote - first hypothesis proposes that prokaryotes actually evolved from eukaryotes by losing genes and complexity ( [ link ] c ) .
219 .
This space is referred to as the synovial ( or joint ) cavity and is filled with synovial fluid .
In fact , there were many alternative cultures .
However , extended release of cortisol — as would happen with prolonged or chronic stress — often comes at a high price .
6082 .
Laminar flow is characterized by the smooth flow of the fluid in layers that do not mix .
If the budget deficits are increasing aggregate demand when the economy is already producing near potential GDP , threatening an inflationary increase in price levels , the central bank may react with a contractionary monetary policy .
In addition to the different types of crowds , collective groups can also be identified in two other ways .
Certain researchers even claim that low doses are beneficial .
579 .
In short , the light energy has now been captured by biological molecules but is not stored in any useful form yet .
6115 .
11 .
On the other hand , stem cell research is highly salient to members of the American Neurological Association , an interest organization that represents academic neurologists and neuroscientists .
The Jungle . New York : Grosset and Dunlap .
In 2001 , approval spiked after the September 11 terrorist attacks and the Bush administration launched the " War on Terror , " sending troops first to Afghanistan and later to Iraq .
3161 .
5738 .
0 { size 12 { º } } } { } north of east .
These theories deal with the very fast and the very small , respectively .
Looking down on the counterclockwise rotation of a merry - go - round , we see that a ball slid straight toward the edge follows a path curved to the right .
A promotion at work is a positive sanction for working hard .
Elazar associates traditionalistic political culture with the southern portion of the United States , where it developed in the upper regions of Virginia and Kentucky before spreading to the Deep South and the Southwest .
3508 .
Instead , they use existing records to answer various research questions .
In return , the shareholder who gained the patroonship promised to pay for the passage of at least thirty Dutch farmers to populate the colony .
A month later , attempting to stop the changes begun by Gorbachev ’s reforms , Communist Party hardliners tried to remove him from power .
Archival research relies on looking at past records or data sets to look for interesting patterns or relationships .
Humans can see only a fraction of this energy , which portion is therefore referred to as “ visible light . ”
1050 .
6844 .
Marilyn Winkleby and her research associates ( 1992 ) state that “ one of the strongest and most consistent predictors of a person 's morbidity and mortality experience is that person 's socioeconomic status ( SES ) .
In the light - dependent reactions , energy from sunlight is absorbed by chlorophyll and that energy is converted into stored chemical energy .
6041 .
Others call it the Calvin - Benson cycle to include the name of another scientist involved in its discovery .
Research suggests there are many other reasons .
An informed consent form provides a written description of what participants can expect during the experiment , including potential risks and implications of the research .
A second women ’s rights movement emerged in the 1960s to address these problems .
This was officially known as the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ( PPACA ) or as the Affordable Care Act ( ACA ) , but was more popularly known as Obamacare .
Quantum mechanics must be used for objects smaller than can be seen with a microscope .
6122 .
The greater the acceleration , the greater the change in velocity over a given time .
3291 .
Ammonia is catabolized anaerobically by some prokaryotes , yielding N2 as the final product .
Like transcription factors and RBPs , mature miRNAs recognize a specific sequence and bind to the RNA ; however , miRNAs also associate with a ribonucleoprotein complex called the RNA - induced silencing complex ( RISC ) .
6930 .
By 1908 , internal fights over the role of women in the fight for African American equal rights lessened the interest in the Niagara Movement .
In deciding the case , Marbury v. Madison , in 1803 , Chief Justice John Marshall agreed that Marbury had the right to a legal remedy , establishing that individuals had rights even the president of the United States could not abridge .
1954 .
2094 .
The challenge is to understand how the international flows of goods and services are connected with international flows of financial capital .
3954 .
New World monkeys are also called Platyrrhini — a reference to their broad noses ( [ link ] ) .
Kelo et al. v. City of New London et al . , 545 U.S. 469 ( 2005 ) .
4794 .
6562 .
Building strong interpersonal relationships with others helps us establish a network of close , caring individuals who can provide social support in times of distress , sorrow , and fear .
The British aided the authoritarian government of Greece in its battles against Greek Communists .
The labia majora are a pair of elongated folds of tissue that run posterior from the mons pubis and enclose the other components of the vulva .
561 .
An allele is a specific version of a gene .
4648 .
Others took jobs as maids and housecleaners , working for those fortunate few who had maintained their wealth .
Frederick Taylor was an engineer who saw that if one could redesign the workplace there would be an increase in both output for the company and wages for the workers .
3232 .
3746 .
3603 .
6404 .
For small displacements , a pendulum is a simple harmonic oscillator .
This is known as vicarious reinforcement .
A significant decline in real GDP is called a recession .
In these situations , the court was also more likely to rule with the majority opinion than against it .
Renin acts on angiotensinogen , which is made in the liver and converts it to angiotensin I. Angiotensin converting enzyme ( ACE ) converts angiotensin I to angiotensin II .
Ball - and - Socket JointsBall - and - socket joints possess a rounded , ball - like end of one bone fitting into a cuplike socket of another bone .
The high - pitch scream shifts dramatically to a lower - pitch roar as the motorcycle passes by a stationary observer .
The Mexican Cession , as the conquest of land west of the Rio Grande was called , included the current states of California , New Mexico , Arizona , Nevada , Utah , and portions of Colorado and Wyoming .
By 1877 , they had succeeded in bringing about the “ redemption ” of the South , effectively destroying the dream of Radical Reconstruction .
What about a situation where the positive externalities are so extensive that private firms could not expect to receive any of the social benefit ?
3834 .
Chyme passes from the stomach to the small intestine .
During much of its history , the money supply in the United States was backed by gold and silver .
Without it , the press would not be free to alert citizens to government abuses and corruption .
1958 .
American federalism also seeks to balance the forces of decentralization and centralization .
As you have learned , information flow in an organism takes place from DNA to RNA to protein .
S .
6108 .
When similar characteristics occur because of environmental constraints and not due to a close evolutionary relationship , it is called an analogy or homoplasy .
Phonemes are combined to form morphemes , which are the smallest units of language that convey some type of meaning ( e.g. , “ I ” is both a phoneme and a morpheme ) .
They wrote a secret memo , known as the Ostend Manifesto ( thought to be penned by James Buchanan , who was elected president two years later ) , stating that if Spain refused to sell Cuba to the United States , the United States was justified in taking the island as a national security measure .
Fertilization , the joining of two haploid gametes , restores the diploid condition .
The organization responsible for conducting monetary policy and ensuring that a nation ’s financial system operates smoothly is called the central bank .
Unable to find such a man , the predominant Half - Breeds again turned to their own leader , Senator Blaine .
( Source : Office of Management and Budget )
Furthermore , the word gay ( as it refers to a homosexual ) , carried a somewhat negative and unfavorable meaning fifty years ago , but it has since gained more neutral and even positive connotations .
Recall from The Macroeconomic Perspective that services are intangible things consumers buy , like healthcare or entertainment . Keynes identified three factors that affect consumption :
1979 .
4581 .
The idea is to provide limited monopoly power so that innovative firms can recoup their investment in R&D , but then to allow other firms to produce the product more cheaply once the patent expires .
2930 .
7061 .
The first portion of the mitotic phase is called karyokinesis , or nuclear division .
Although promoters vary among prokaryotic genomes , a few elements are conserved .
Because they use light to manufacture their own food , they are called photoautotrophs ( literally , “ self - feeders using light ” ) .
Being the target of racism is associated with increased rates of depression , lowered self - esteem , hypertension , and cardiovascular disease .
5405 .
Columbus ’s 1493 letter — or probanza de mérito ( proof of merit ) — describing his “ discovery ” of a New World did much to inspire excitement in Europe .
Price controls come in two flavors .
A subway train in Sao Paulo , Brazil , decelerates as it comes into a station .
2215 .
The Tenth Amendment is as follows :
MHC I molecules are proteins on the surfaces of all nucleated cells , thus they are scarce on red blood cells and platelets which are non - nucleated .
Firms can raise the financial capital they need to pay for such projects in four main ways : ( 1 ) from early - stage investors ; ( 2 ) by reinvesting profits ; ( 3 ) by borrowing through banks or bonds ; and ( 4 ) by selling stock .
Merkel ’s disks are densely distributed in the fingertips and lips .
Meritocracy is an ideal system based on the belief that social stratification is the result of personal effort — or merit — that determines social standing .
Following the war , women and men , white and black , formed the American Equal Rights Association ( AERA ) for the expressed purpose of securing “ equal Rights to all American citizens , especially the right of suffrage , irrespective of race , color or sex . ”
As defined in the chapter on Demand and Supply and again in the chapter on Elasticity , goods and services are called normal goods when a rise in income leads to a rise in the quantity consumed of that good and a fall in income leads to a fall in quantity consumed .
That is , no two electrons can be in the same state .
Wives , children , and dependents ( including slaves ) were a sign of wealth among men , and polygyny , the practice of having more than one wife at a time , was widespread .
Government exists to maintain freedom and life , so its main function is to ensure domestic peace and national defense .
6524 .
Other materials exhibit weak magnetic effects , which are detectable only with sensitive instruments .
Enlightenment political thought profoundly influenced Adams and other revolutionary leaders seeking to create viable republican governments .
What happens if the police conduct an illegal search or seizure without a warrant and find evidence of a crime ?
The prisoner ’s dilemma is a scenario in which the gains from cooperation are larger than the rewards from pursuing self - interest .
The other is legal monopoly , where laws prohibit ( or severely limit ) competition .
Market competition can provide an incentive for discovering new technology because a firm can earn higher profits by finding a way to produce products more cheaply or to create products with characteristics consumers want .
Both photosystems have the same basic structure ; a number of antenna proteins to which the chlorophyll molecules are bound surround the reaction center where the photochemistry takes place .
One striking experiment performed by Land demonstrates that some type of image comparison may produce color vision .
Progymnosperms were a transitional group of plants that superficially resembled conifers ( cone bearers ) because they produced wood from the secondary growth of the vascular tissues ; however , they still reproduced like ferns , releasing spores into the environment .
They are allowed to purchase U.S. Treasury securities but , to protect depositors , they are not permitted to invest in the stock market or other assets that are perceived as too risky . Bank capital is the difference between a bank ’s assets and its liabilities .
Finally , laissez - faire proponents felt that keeping government out of the business of business would create an automatic cycle of economic growth and contraction .
3819 .
6749 .
2310 .
Signal transduction only occurs with cell - surface receptors because internal receptors are able to interact directly with DNA in the nucleus to initiate protein synthesis .
6098 .
The sex chromosomes are one pair of non - homologous chromosomes .
Journalists who conceal a source and thereby protect him or her from being properly tried for a crime may spend time in jail for contempt of court .
If firms believe that business is expanding , then at any given wage they will desire to hire a greater quantity of labor , and the labor demand curve shifts to the right .
If the virions are released by bursting the cell , the virus replicates by means of a lytic cycle ( [ link ] ) .
1268 .
4309 .
3289 .
Friction is a good example of a nonconservative force .
4132 .
4795 .
1072 .
The actor - observer bias is the phenomenon of attributing other people ’s behavior to internal factors ( fundamental attribution error ) while attributing our own behavior to situational forces ( Jones & Nisbett , 1971 ; Nisbett , Caputo , Legant , & Marecek , 1973 ; Choi & Nisbett , 1998 ) .
In such a frame of reference , Newton ’s laws of motion take the form given in Dynamics : Newton 's Laws of Motion The car is a non - inertial frame of reference because it is accelerated to the side .
Centrioles help organize cell division .
When a monopolist increases sales by one unit , it gains some marginal revenue from selling that extra unit , but also loses some marginal revenue because every other unit must now be sold at a lower price .
An antibody with a higher affinity for a particular antigen would bind more strongly and stably , and thus would be expected to present a more challenging defense against the pathogen corresponding to the specific antigen .
Public Law 103 – 160 : National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1994 .
5559 .
The enzyme pepsin plays an important role in the digestion of proteins by breaking down the intact protein to peptides , which are short chains of four to nine amino acids .
While educators may believe that students do better in tracked classes because they are with students of similar ability and may have access to more individual attention from teachers , conflict theorists feel that tracking leads to self - fulfilling prophecies in which students live up ( or down ) to teacher and societal expectations ( Education Week 2004 ) .
Subtypes of heterotrophs , called saprobes , absorb nutrients from dead organisms or their organic wastes .
The Mattachine Society , established in 1950 , was one of the first groups to champion the rights of gay men .
Both men and women experience increases in muscle tone during this time .
1138 .
1803 .
In this way , even though hormones circulate throughout the body and come into contact with many different cell types , they only affect cells that possess the necessary receptors .
As we ’ve learned , CPI measures prices as they affect everyday household spending .
These terminals in turn synapse on other neurons , muscle , or target organs .
Although he had once been in favor of colonization , he came to believe that such a scheme only deepened racism and perpetuated the sinful practices of his fellow Americans .
But the ACA also attained a victory in King v. Burwell , when the Court upheld the ability of the federal government to provide tax credits for people who bought their health insurance through an exchange created by the law .
6698 .
Those who could not or would not take the oath would be unable to take part in the future political life of the South .
We explore price indices in detail and how they are computed in Inflation , but this definition will do in the context of this chapter .
6616 .
When you do well at a task , for example acing an exam , it is in your best interest to make a dispositional attribution for your behavior ( “ I ’m smart , ” ) instead of a situational one ( “ The exam was easy , ” ) .
A useful way to conceptualize stress is to view it as a process whereby an individual perceives and responds to events that he appraises as overwhelming or threatening to his well - being ( Lazarus & Folkman , 1984 ) .
There are plenty of formal norms , but the list of informal norms — casual behaviors that are generally and widely conformed to — is longer .
When a city or state government sets up a marketable permit program ( e.g. cap - and - trade ) , it must start by determining the overall quantity of pollution it will allow as it tries to meet national pollution standards .
The response to the increase in Ca2 + varies , depending on the cell type involved .
Potential stressors do not always involve major life events .
Dilger , “ Federal Grants to State and Local Governments , ” 5 .
5869 .
The crests of the two waves are precisely aligned , as are the troughs .
Containment was the U.S. foreign policy goal of limiting the spread of communism .
862 .
6686 .
4593 .
In this stage , children can use symbols to represent words , images , and ideas , which is why children in this stage engage in pretend play .
Tissues of different densities give off different signals , which a computer interprets and displays on a monitor .
All animals and most plants produce eggs and sperm , or gametes .
Hundreds of these castles and walled cities remain all over Europe ( [ link ] ) .
In fact , all the carrier particles are thought to be fundamental in the sense that they have no substructure .
775 .
This common quantity is called the equilibrium quantity .
1961 .
To obtain a per capita production function , divide each input in [ link ] ( a ) by the population .
2194 .
1330 .
5613 .
Marital rights for gays and lesbians have also significantly changed in recent years .
If the pharmaceutical or oil industry is unhappy with a new patent or tax policy , its members ’ opinions will have some effect on representatives ’ decisions , since these industries contribute heavily to election campaigns .
General George B. McClellan , the general in chief of the army , responsible for overall control of Union land forces , proved especially reluctant to engage in battle with the Confederates .
Through his own writings and those with his collaborator , industrialist Friedrich Engels , Marx used a scientific analytical process to show that throughout history , the resolution of class struggles caused changes in economies .
1924 .
The term government describes the means by which a society organizes itself and allocates authority in order to accomplish collective goals and provide benefits that the society as a whole needs .
3635 .
2649 .
397 .
This characteristic is true in every case and is an important characteristic of vectors .
The law of supply assumes that all other variables that affect supply ( to be explained in the next module ) are held constant .
1237 .
Sexism refers to prejudiced beliefs that value one sex over another .
4273 .
3766 .
These earlier examples , however , took the actual exchange rate as given , as if it were a fact of nature .
It also limited the number of nuclear missiles maintained by each country .
That is where political parties come in .
Associative learning occurs when an organism makes connections between stimuli or events that occur together in the environment .
6736 .
What knit Progressives together was the feeling that the country was moving at a dangerous pace in a dangerous direction and required the efforts of everyday Americans to help put it back on track .
Nitrogenase , the enzyme that fixes nitrogen , is inactivated by oxygen , so the nodule provides an oxygen - free area for nitrogen fixation to take place .
The vagina is a muscular tube that serves several purposes .
Whole - genome sequencing is a process that determines the DNA sequence of an entire genome .
With this change , the federal government ’s ability to raise revenue significantly increased and so did its ability to spend .
5046 .
2871 .
4106 .
Finally , motivational framing is the call to action : what should you do once you agree with the diagnostic frame and believe in the prognostic frame ?
1918 .
3365 .
3445 .
6230 .
The brain floats in CSF , which acts as a cushion and shock absorber and makes the brain neutrally buoyant .
639 .
The Social Security Act established programs intended to help the most vulnerable : the elderly , the unemployed , the disabled , and the young .
3599 .
4787 .
Variable costs , on the other hand , are incurred in the act of producing — the more you produce , the greater the variable cost .
4457 .
The first was Roscoe Conkling , Republican senator from New York and leader of the Stalwarts , a group that strongly supported continuation of the current spoils system ( [ link ] ) .
If the banks prefer to hold excess reserves above the legally required level , the central bank can not force individual banks to make loans .
Recall from The Macroeconomic Perspective that a trade deficit exists when a nation ’s imports exceed its exports .
Null measurements balance voltages so that there is no current flowing through the measuring device and , therefore , no alteration of the circuit being measured .
While having social support is quite beneficial , being the recipient of prejudicial attitudes and discriminatory behaviors is associated with a number of negative outcomes .
The pictorial representation of magnetic field lines is very useful in visualizing the strength and direction of the magnetic field .
To counter Soviet influence in the developing world , Kennedy supported a variety of measures .
3813 .
Energy is characterized by its many forms and the fact that it is conserved .
Thus , the dashed line is carefully inserted with the slope of the new opportunity set , reflecting the labor - leisure tradeoff of the new wage rate , but tangent to the original indifference curve , showing the same level of utility or “ buying power . ”
7077 .
Finally , in 1920 , the triumphant passage of the Nineteenth Amendment granted all women the right to vote .
Specifically :
More broadly , as Marshall put it , “ it is emphatically the province and duty of the judicial department to say what the law is . ”
In addition , the forced vital capacity ( FVC ) , which is the total amount of air that can be forcibly exhaled , is measured .
2727 .
Patrilocal residence is thought to be disadvantageous to women because it makes them outsiders in the home and community ; it also keeps them disconnected from their own blood relatives .
3845 .
When infection of a cell by a bacteriophage results in the production of new virions , the infection is said to be productive .
Democrats had to decide between Hillary Clinton , Bernie Sanders , and Martin O’Malley ( who soon dropped out ) .
For centuries in Europe , older knowledge about the medical uses of plants was compiled in herbals — books that identified plants and their uses .
Finally , presidents have also used the line - item veto and signing statements to alter or influence the application of the laws they sign .
( Source : Federal Reserve Economic Data ( FRED ) ( a ) https://research.stlouisfed.org/fred2/series/EXCAUS ; ( b ) https://research.stlouisfed.org/fred2/series/CCUSSP01CAQ650N ) The bottom graph shows the exchange rate from U.S. dollars to Canadian dollars since 1980 .
5769 .
Another enzyme called lipase is produced by the cells in the tongue .
All of these hypotheses are testable .
1269 .
Thus , although a monopolistically competitive firm may earn positive economic profits in the short term , the process of new entry will drive down economic profits to zero in the long run .
Columnar epithelial cells are taller than they are wide : they resemble a stack of columns in an epithelial layer , and are most commonly found in a single - layer arrangement .
One of his questions asked , “ Do you agree that preventing high inflation is an important national priority , as important as preventing drug abuse or preventing deterioration in the quality of our schools ? ”
Proteins , called RNA - binding proteins , or RBPs , can bind to the regions of the RNA just upstream or downstream of the protein - coding region .
Pronation is the opposite movement , in which the palm faces backward .
December 2013 .
The chair of the Joint Chiefs of Staff is the president ’s top uniformed military officer .
In 1565 , the victorious Menéndez founded St. Augustine , now the oldest European settlement in the Americas .
2010 .
Within the chloroplast are stacked , disc - shaped structures called thylakoids .
Over time , evolution led to changes in the shapes and sizes of these bones in different species , but they have maintained the same overall layout .
One model of attribution proposes three main dimensions : locus of control ( internal versus external ) , stability ( stable versus unstable ) , and controllability ( controllable versus uncontrollable ) .
First , they assimilate new information or experiences in terms of their current schemata : assimilation is when they take in information that is comparable to what they already know .
Before the Civil War , this would have been a nearly meaningless distinction .
Let ’s look at it in more detail ( [ link ] ) .
6172 .
Rather , it seeks to describe economic behavior as it actually exists .
6167 .
4306 .
389 .
During an alarm reaction , you are alerted to a stressor , and your body alarms you with a cascade of physiological reactions that provide you with the energy to manage the situation .
However , President Woodrow Wilson , owing to a provision tacked onto the bill regarding presidential appointments , vetoed the legislation that would have transformed the budgeting process in this way .
Additionally , a tongue - like organ called a radula , which bears chitinous tooth - like ornamentation , is present in many species , and serves to shred or scrape food .
Watch this video clip where veterinarian Dr. Sophia Yin shapes a dog ’s behavior using the steps outlined above . Once a behavior is trained , researchers and trainers often turn to another type of reinforcement schedule — partial reinforcement .
The explanation proposed by Singer and Nicolson is called the fluid mosaic model .
Daniel Ellsberg famously released passages of the Papers to the press to show that the United States had secretly enlarged the scope of the war by bombing Cambodia and Laos among other deeds while lying to the American public about doing so .
About 85 % of our energy comes from nonrenewable fossil fuels — oil , natural gas , coal .
The perception of intensity is called loudness .
The potential drawback is that numerous national amendment initiatives — such as the Equal Rights Amendment ( ERA ) , which aims to guarantee equal rights regardless of sex — have failed because they can not garner sufficient consent among members of Congress or , in the case of the ERA , the states .
In contrast , some living systems use an inorganic molecule as a final electron acceptor .
2984 .
Their fear of centralized power originated in the experience of the 1760s and 1770s when the distant , overbearing , and seemingly corrupt British Parliament attempted to impose its will on the colonies .
Citizens may be forced to publicly demonstrate their faith in the regime by participating in marches and demonstrations .
However , the desire to sequence larger genomes , such as that of a human , led to the development of double - barrel shotgun sequencing , more formally known as pairwise - end sequencing .
881 .
She would n’t want people to think she was too poor to find proper clothes .
Thus , court rulings matter only to the extent they are heeded and followed .
4418 .
According to the Dutch economic historian Jan Luiten van Zanden , slavery - based societies , favorable demographics , global trading routes , and standardized trading institutions that spread with different empires set the stage for the Industrial Revolution to succeed .
This means that if money is usable today to make purchases , it must also be acceptable to make purchases today that will be paid in the future .
Texas opened polling places on weekdays and weekends in 1988 and initially saw an increase in voting in gubernatorial and presidential elections , although the impact tapered off over time . Stefan D. Haag , “ Early Voting in Texas : What are the Effects ? ” Austin Community College CPPPS Report , http://www.austincc.edu/cppps/earlyvotingfull/report5.pdf ( November 1 , 2015 ) .
The example of cigarette taxes showed that because demand is inelastic , taxes are not effective at reducing the equilibrium quantity of smoking , and they are mainly passed along to consumers in the form of higher prices .
In theory , a democratic government promotes individualism and the freedom to act as one chooses instead of being controlled , for good or bad , by government .
It may not make sense to compare the GDPs of China and say , Benin , simply because of the great difference in population size .
In Near v. Minnesota , an early case regarding press freedoms , the Supreme Court ruled that the government generally could not engage in prior restraint ; that is , states and the federal government could not in advance prohibit someone from publishing something without a very compelling reason . Near v. Minnesota , 283 U.S. 697 ( 1931 ) .
Another source of negative ads is from groups outside the campaigns .
The most controversial decision was handed down by the Supreme Court in 2010 , whose ruling on Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission led to the removal of spending limits on corporations .
The Otto cycle shown in [ link ] ( a ) is used in four - stroke internal combustion engines , although in fact the true Otto cycle paths do not correspond exactly to the strokes of the engine .
In translation , the complex that assembles to start the process is referred to as the initiation complex .
754 .
The main function of the trachea is to funnel the inhaled air to the lungs and the exhaled air back out of the body .
Consumer advocate Ralph Nader ran as the candidate of the Green Party , a party devoted to environmental issues and grassroots activism , and Democrats feared that he would attract votes that Gore might otherwise win .
When others in the group were unwilling to move in her direction , Paul split from the NAWSA to create the Congressional Union for Woman Suffrage , later renamed the National Woman ’s Party , in 1913 .
Laws exist as formalized morals and are based on restitution rather than revenge .
A bill of rights is a list of the liberties and protections possessed by a nation ’s citizens .
When we think of crime , we often picture street crime , or offenses committed by ordinary people against other people or organizations , usually in public spaces .
Because the number of cells present in the environment ( cell density ) is the determining factor for signaling , bacterial signaling was named quorum sensing .
112 .
In 1898 , Russia obtained permission to build a railroad across northeastern Manchuria .
Some animal - infecting viruses , including the hepatitis C virus discussed above , are known as oncogenic viruses : They have the ability to cause cancer .
6012 .
These microRNAs , or miRNAs , are short RNA molecules that are only 21 – 24 nucleotides in length .
5273 .
Influenced by economist Arthur Laffer of the University of Southern California , Reagan cut income taxes for those at the top of the economic ladder , which was supposed to motivate the rich to invest in businesses , factories , and the stock market in anticipation of high returns .
This relationship is known as Faraday ’s law of induction .
For example , a well - known strategy is trial and error .
5656 .
The most common are the α - helix and β - pleated sheet structures ( [ link ] ) .
The simplest reason is that if there is time between the poll and Election Day , a citizen might change his or her mind , lie , or choose not to vote at all .
There are several types of schemata .
4667 .
Homeostasis is the tendency to maintain a balance , or optimal level , within a biological system .
Since an element ’s isotopes will have slightly different mass numbers , scientists also determine the atomic mass , which is the calculated mean of the mass number for its naturally occurring isotopes .
7001 .
Pronation is the opposite movement , in which the palm faces backward .
Here , we ’ll define family as a socially recognized group ( usually joined by blood , marriage , cohabitation , or adoption ) that forms an emotional connection and serves as an economic unit of society .
The individuals performing the imitated behavior are called models .
Suppose you drop two items from a second - floor balcony .
Following is a stark review of social priorities which has been widely publicized by the international aid organization , Oxfam International . 5223 .
A Tragedy of Democracy : Japanese Confinement in North America .
One of the more vicious examples was near Sand Creek , Colorado , where Colonel John Chivington led a militia raid upon a camp in which the leader had already negotiated a peaceful settlement .
According to this view , physiological arousal and emotional experience occur simultaneously , yet independently ( Lang , 1994 ) .
They do n’t respond to the child ’s needs and make relatively few demands .
However , a wrecking ball that is not in motion is incapable of performing work .
A phoneme ( e.g. , the sounds “ ah ” vs. “ eh ” ) is a basic sound unit of a given language , and different languages have different sets of phonemes .
The purpose of a theory is to take a complex , real - world issue and simplify it down to its essentials .
Their cells contain , in addition to the standard eukaryotic organelles , another kind of organelle called a plastid .
These can be of two types , either transitions or transversions .
The cell cycle is an ordered series of events involving cell growth and cell division that produces two new daughter cells .
Social movements had existed before , notably the Women 's Suffrage Movement and a long line of labor movements , thus constituting an existing social movement sector , which is the multiple social movement industries in a society , even if they have widely varying constituents and goals .
The gastrovascular cavity has only one opening that serves as both a mouth and an anus , which is termed an incomplete digestive system .
For many , foreign policy is synonymous with diplomacy .
During the 2000 election , in which George W. Bush won Florida ’s electoral votes by a slim majority , attention turned to the state ’s election procedures and voter registration rolls .
Strictly speaking , contraception refers to preventing the sperm and egg from joining .
Specifically , the First Amendment says :
Estimates of the number vary widely , suggesting that if we use a broad definition and include all interests at all levels of government , there may be more than 200,000.Nownes , Interest Groups in American Politics .
The tests may house photosynthetic algae , which the forams can harvest for nutrition .
The Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor unleashed a cascade of racist assumptions about Japanese immigrants and Japanese Americans in the United States that culminated in the relocation and internment of 120,000 people of Japanese ancestry , 66 percent of whom had been born in the United States .
Changes in state laws , along with an emerging LGBT movement , no doubt swayed the Court and led it to the reversal of its earlier ruling with the 2003 decision , Lawrence v. Texas ( [ link ] ) .
In some countries , the central bank may lack the political power to resist such pressures , with the result of higher inflation , but no long - term reduction in unemployment .
Humans have about 12 million olfactory receptors , distributed among hundreds of different receptor types that respond to different odors .
310 .
There are four major classes of biological macromolecules ( carbohydrates , lipids , proteins , and nucleic acids ) ; each is an important cell component and performs a wide array of functions .
Many abiotic forces influence where life can exist and the types of organisms found in different parts of the biosphere .
2290 .
2181 .
The information may help a citizen decide how to vote , where to donate money , or how to protest decisions made by the government .
Most animals reproduce sexually , and the offspring pass through a series of developmental stages that establish a determined and fixed body plan .
Some radioactive nuclides decay in a single step to a stable nucleus .
5015 .
A second approach to estimating present - time extinction rates is to correlate species loss with habitat loss by measuring forest - area loss and understanding species - area relationships .
6325 .
3716 .
4468 .
4550 .
However , the federal government ’s ability to defend the voting rights of citizens suffered a major setback when the Supreme Court in 2013 struck down a key provision of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 .
This was apparent in the run - up to the 2016 presidential election .
1746 .
4604 .
Reagan , however , overlooked the legitimate complaints of the Sandinistas and believed that their rule opened the region to Cuban and Soviet influence .
The bacteria performs the reverse process , the reduction of nitrate from the soils to gaseous compounds such as N2O , NO , and N2 , a process called denitrification .
3244 .
This field is closely related to human ecology , which focuses on the relationship between people and their built and natural environment .
1333 .
Julian Rotter ( 1966 ) proposed the concept of locus of control , another cognitive factor that affects learning and personality development .
Sometimes two or more distinct phenotypes can each have their advantages and be selected for by natural selection , while the intermediate phenotypes are , on average , less fit .
Information on the consumption choices of Americans is available from the Consumer Expenditure Survey carried out by the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics .
2886 .
As the DNA opens up , Y - shaped structures called replication forks are formed .
Productivity within an ecosystem can be defined as the percentage of energy entering the ecosystem incorporated into biomass in a particular trophic level .
806 .
Similarly , a person can experience role conflict when one or more roles are contradictory .
This clade arose approximately 370 million years ago in the early or middle Devonian .
6329 .
Corporations may be private or public , and may or may not have stock that is publicly traded .
The lens is operated by muscles that stretch it flat or allow it to thicken , changing the focal length of light coming through it to focus it sharply on the retina .
690 .
4054 .
Waves having such a direction are said to be polarized .
There are several different types of glia with different functions , two of which are shown in [ link ] .
A layer of cells known as the endodermis separates the stele from the ground tissue in the outer portion of the root .
453 .
Congress .
It refers to producing the optimal quantity of some output , the quantity where the marginal benefit to society of one more unit just equals the marginal cost .
Different strategies have different action plans associated with them ( [ link ] ) .
These molecules are important because they regulate how a T cell will interact with and respond to an APC .
5271 .
This is called top - down processing .
Thus , what is considered deviant is determined not so much by the behaviors themselves or the people who commit them , but by the reactions of others to these behaviors .
The field of social psychology studies topics at both the intra- and interpersonal levels .
Intellectual property rights include patents , which give the inventor the exclusive legal right to make , use , or sell the invention for a limited time , and copyright laws , which give the author an exclusive legal right over works of literature , music , film / video , and pictures .
A system being driven at its natural frequency is said to resonate .
These dramatic changes removed the competitive superpower aspect of the Cold War , in which the United States and the USSR were dueling rivals on the world stage .
Microbial mats or large biofilms may represent the earliest forms of life on Earth ; there is fossil evidence of their presence starting about 3.5 billion years ago .
There , pyruvate will be transformed into an acetyl group that will be picked up and activated by a carrier compound called coenzyme A ( CoA ) .
1310 .
These arguments are discussed at some length in The International Trade and Capital Flows . Of all of the arguments for limitations on trade , perhaps the most controversial one among economists is the infant industry argument ; that is , subsidizing or protecting new industries for a time until they become established .
5546 .
2920 .
1761 .
You have encountered the basic concept of exchange rates in earlier chapters .
4622 .
In May 1775 , Mecklenburg County in North Carolina issued the Mecklenburg Resolves , stating that a rebellion against Great Britain had begun , that colonists did not owe any further allegiance to Great Britain , and that governing authority had now passed to the Continental Congress .
The cranial bones are eight bones that form the cranial cavity , which encloses the brain and serves as an attachment site for the muscles of the head and neck .
The binding of oxygen to hemoglobin can be plotted as a function of the partial pressure of oxygen in the blood ( x - axis ) versus the relative Hb - oxygen saturation ( y - axis ) .
Group V viruses contain ssRNA genomes with a negative polarity , meaning that their sequence is complementary to the mRNA .
396 .
Near v. Minnesota , 283 U.S. 697 ( 1931 ) .
Objects transfer their energy between kinetic and potential in the following way : As the wrecking ball hangs motionless , it has 0 kinetic and 100 percent potential energy .
On the other hand , congressional - executive agreements , like the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) , are negotiated by the president and then approved by a simple majority of the House and Senate ( rather than a two - thirds vote in the Senate as is the case for a treaty ) .
However , congressional efforts to convert Aid to Families with Dependent Children ( AFDC ) to a block grant succeeded .
Heat transfer is maintained by temperature differences .
2383 .
In keeping with the logic of total war , Sherman ’s forces cut a swath of destruction to Savannah .
Another way of looking at this concept is through W.I .
This structure is in part due to chemical interactions at work on the polypeptide chain .
All species have an ecological niche in the ecosystem , which describes how they acquire the resources they need and how they interact with other species in the community .
The official temperature unit on this scale is the kelvin , which is abbreviated K , and is not accompanied by a degree sign .
For water , there is no liquid phase at pressures below 0.00600 atm .
4214 .
In the case of George W. Bush and his very experienced vice president Dick Cheney , observers speculated whether the vice president might have exercised too much influence .
In 1859 , Henry T. P. Comstock , a Canadian - born fur trapper , began gold mining in Nevada with other prospectors but then quickly found a blue - colored vein that proved to be the first significant silver discovery in the United States .
A kilogram of one substance is equal in mass to a kilogram of another substance .
A second classification system , the International Classification of Diseases ( ICD ) , is also widely recognized .
5994 .
5596 .
The vascular plants , or tracheophytes , are the dominant and most conspicuous group of land plants .
For example , the First Amendment denies the government the power to prohibit “ the free exercise ” of religion ; the states and the national government can not forbid people to follow a religion of their choice , even if politicians and judges think the religion is misguided , blasphemous , or otherwise inappropriate .
Acanthostega was aquatic ; fossils show that it had gills similar to fishes .
( We have used arrows extensively to represent force vectors , for example .
535 .
On the other hand , signing statements are statements issued by a president when agreeing to legislation that indicate how the chief executive will interpret and enforce the legislation in question .
The stapes transmits the vibrations to a thin diaphragm called the oval window , which is the outermost structure of the inner ear .
1383 .
431 .
People desire goods and services for the satisfaction or utility those goods and services provide .
2362 .
2114 .
To simplify the process , companies offer mutual funds , which are organizations that buy a range of stocks or bonds from different companies .
If no candidate wins a majority in the first round of voting , a run - off election is held among the top contenders .
In most cases , this involves determining the perpendicular components of a single vector , for example the x - and y - components , or the north - south and east - west components .
The effects of a tariff on producers and consumers in the United States can be measured using two concepts developed in Demand , Supply , and Efficiency : consumer surplus and producer surplus .
People with these disorders often appear to be nervous and fearful .
Fungi attack animals directly by colonizing and destroying tissues .
Over time , increases in the quantity and quality of physical capital , increases in human capital , and technological advancements shift potential GDP and the vertical LRAS curve gradually to the right .
7083 .
The involvement of the United States in World War I in April 1917 catalyzed the participation in the military effort of psychologists working in this area .
Bush v. Gore , 531 U.S. 98 ( 2000 ) .
4967 .
The standard of intermediate scrutiny was first applied by the Supreme Court in Craig v. Boren ( 1976 ) and again in Clark v. Jeter ( 1988 ) .
3358 .
[ link ] illustrates the case of natural monopoly , with a market demand curve that cuts through the downward - sloping portion of the average cost curve .
2584 .
2214 .
The largest fraction goes to the liver and spleen , with the brain coming next .
The axons of light - sensitive neurons in the retina provide information to the SCN based on the amount of light present , allowing this internal clock to be synchronized with the outside world ( Klein , Moore , & Reppert , 1991 ; Welsh , Takahashi , & Kay , 2010 ) ( [ link ] ) .
Measuring happiness and well - being at the societal level over time may assist policy makers in determining if people are generally happy or miserable , as well as when and why they might feel the way they do .
For a perfect competitor , each additional unit sold brought a positive marginal revenue , because marginal revenue was equal to the given market price .
In May 1861 , Union general Benjamin Butler and others labeled these refugees from slavery contrabands .
But sound has important applications beyond hearing .
Microglia scavenge and degrade dead cells and protect the brain from invading microorganisms .
1451 .
Clinton ’s speech was lampooned for its length and lack of focus , but it served to get his name in front of Democratic voters .
As a consequence of its concern for candidate characteristics , industrial psychology must also consider issues of legality regarding discrimination in hiring .
6396 .
Jenna Johnson , “ Immigration continues to be Donald Trump ’s rallying issue , ” Washington Post , 22 October 2015 , https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-politics/wp/2015/10/22/immigration-continues-to-be-donald-trumps-rallying-issue/.Protestors take to the streets on different sides of the immigration issue .
Still , there was some resistance to women going to work in such a male - dominated environment .
This is not how power is distributed in practice .
Technology and the media are interwoven , and neither can be separated from contemporary society in most core and semi - peripheral nations .
At the same time that our beliefs and attitudes are forming during childhood , we are also being socialized ; that is , we are learning from many information sources about the society and community in which we live and how we are to behave in it .
The ovule wall will become part of the fruit .
668 .
This lobe contains the olfactory bulb , which processes smells .
5925 .
There is a pronounced interaction between our chemical senses .
Neutron stars are literally a star composed of neutrons .
Among other things , members of the institution developed a declaration of rights and grievances .
In a majority of cultures ( 78 percent ) , polygamy , or being married to more than one person at a time , is accepted ( Murdock 1967 ) , with most polygamous societies existing in northern Africa and east Asia ( Altman and Ginat 1996 ) .
Anurans are among the most diverse groups of vertebrates , with approximately 5,965 species that occur on all of the continents except Antarctica .
Together , the two are called a chromoprotein .
Sensory receptors are specialized neurons that respond to specific types of stimuli .
2014 .
The tight pairing of the homologous chromosomes is called synapsis .
The soma has branching extensions known as dendrites .
Therefore , the fundamental frequency is f1 = v w / λ 1 = v w / 2 L f1 = v w / λ 1 = v w / 2 L size 12 { f rSub { size 8 { 1 } } = v rSub { size 8 { w } } / λ rSub { size 8 { 1 } } = v rSub { size 8 { w } } / 2 ` " L " } { } .
Behaviorism is a school of thought that arose during the first part of the 20th century , which incorporates elements of Pavlov ’s classical conditioning ( Hunt , 2007 ) .
Einstein realized that there were several characteristics of the photoelectric effect that could be explained only if EM radiation is itself quantized : the apparently continuous stream of energy in an EM wave is actually composed of energy quanta called photons .
Radial symmetry , as illustrated in [ link ] , describes when an animal has an up - and - down orientation : any plane cut along its longitudinal axis through the organism produces equal halves , but not a definite right or left side .
1272 .
Our study involves human participants so we need to determine who to include .
3923 .
5204 .
Protostomes include arthropods , mollusks , and annelids .
260 .
888 .
At the state level , specifically in Wisconsin , Minnesota , Illinois , and Iowa , the Patrons of Husbandry did briefly succeed in urging the passage of Granger Laws , which regulated some railroad rates along with the prices charged by grain elevator operators .
When a pathogen enters the body , cells in the blood and lymph detect the specific pathogen - associated molecular patterns ( PAMPs ) on the pathogen ’s surface .
The Supreme Court of the United States , sometimes abbreviated SCOTUS , is a one - of - a - kind institution .
The follicles produce hormones that can be stored in the colloid or released into the surrounding capillary network for transport to the rest of the body via the circulatory system . 1515 .
HCAN , spending $ 60 million dollars , was successful in helping to get the legislation passed which added new regulations on insurance companies and a mandate that all individuals will obtain health insurance by 2014 .
The assumption is that most of us would show signs of physiological arousal if we were being dishonest with someone .
A country is said to be engaging in protectionism when it does not permit other countries to sell goods and services within its borders , or when it charges them very high tariffs ( or import taxes ) to do so .
This module will explain aggregate supply , aggregate demand , and the equilibrium between them .
An initiative is normally a law or constitutional amendment proposed and passed by the citizens of a state .
One half , called simply the Democratic Party , was the party of Jackson ; it continued to advocate for the common people by championing westward expansion and opposing a national bank .
Abiotic features of rivers and streams vary along the length of the river or stream .
5 " MeV/"c rSup { size 8 { 2 } } } { }
3489 .
Anxiety is a normal reaction to stress that we all feel at some point , but anxiety disorders are feelings of worry and fearfulness that last for months at a time .
Two key issues in the dispute were the desire of the shipping companies and port operators to use handheld scanners for record - keeping and computer - operated cabs for loading and unloading ships — changes which the union opposed , along with overtime pay .
The latter two types conduct water and are dead at maturity .
The Pendleton Act of 1883 allowed for this type of pay schedule , but the modern version of the schedule emerged in the 1940s and was refined in the 1990s .
After all , many people and firms are not especially well informed , either about what is happening in the economy or about how the economy works .
Perhaps more importantly , this election - focused organization also sought to maintain power by creating a broader coalition and thereby expanding the range of issues upon which the party was constructed .
This was officially known as the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ( PPACA ) or as the Affordable Care Act ( ACA ) , but was more popularly known as Obamacare .
The radius and ulna also articulate with the carpal bones and with each other , which in vertebrates enables a variable degree of rotation of the carpus with respect to the long axis of the limb .
1713 .
Only recently was it found that often they receive assistance in the folding process from protein helpers known as chaperones ( or chaperonins ) that associate with the target protein during the folding process .
This model allowed that a collection of traits and skills , which could include intelligence , inherited wealth , and so on , mixed with the ability to adapt , would let all Americans rise or fall of their own accord , so long as the road to success was accessible to all . 2419 .
2546 .
A food web is an example of a holistic ecosystem model .
Biotechnology is the use of biological agents for technological advancement .
Physical maps present the intimate details of smaller regions of the chromosomes ( similar to a detailed road map ) .
6309 .
3849 .
3692 .
In men , the duration of the refractory period can vary dramatically from individual to individual with some refractory periods as short as several minutes and others as long as a day .
Turner and Killian ( 1993 ) identified four types of crowds .
3499 .
People who are so overweight that they are at risk for death are classified as morbidly obese .
Many southern states had used a poll tax , a tax placed on voting , to prevent poor African Americans from voting .
The Federal Reserve Bank , which is the central bank of the United States , is a bank regulator and is responsible for monetary policy and defines money according to its liquidity .
The sheer number of nerve cells and the incredibly greater number of connections between them makes this system the subtle wonder that it is .
If you saw that the model was reinforced for her behavior , you will be more motivated to copy her .
903 .
Extremely low frequency ( ELF ) radio waves of about 1 kHz are used to communicate with submerged submarines .
At its maximum , denoted as saturation , the relative humidity is 100 % , and evaporation is inhibited .
On both sides of the membrane the water level is the same , but there are different concentrations of a dissolved substance , or solute , that can not cross the membrane ( otherwise the concentrations on each side would be balanced by the solute crossing the membrane ) .
This program typically involves police officers coming into the classroom to educate students about the dangers of becoming involved with alcohol and other drugs .
An emotion is a subjective state of being that we often describe as our feelings .
About 85 % of our energy comes from nonrenewable fossil fuels — oil , natural gas , coal .
Two groups , the Sons of Liberty and the Daughters of Liberty , led the popular resistance to the Stamp Act .
3605 .
2021 .
Currently , while reading this text , you are playing the role of a student .
Humanism is a perspective within psychology that emphasizes the potential for good that is innate to all humans .
4240 .
Replication of the DNA is bidirectional , moving away from the origin on both strands of the loop simultaneously .
5165 .
Robert Shiller , one of 2013 ’s Nobel Prize winners in economics , carried out several surveys during the 1990s about attitudes toward inflation .
687 .
Think of social order as an employee handbook and social control as a manager .
The exclusionary rule does n’t just apply to evidence found or to items or people seized without a warrant ( or falling under an exception noted above ) ; it also applies to any evidence developed or discovered as a result of the illegal search or seizure .
Only once since the passage of the Twelfth Amendment , during the election of 1824 , has the House selected the president under these rules , and only once , in 1836 , has the Senate chosen the vice president .
Symbolic Interactionist Theory
In 2007 , after having lived together since the late 1960s , Windsor and her partner Thea Spyer were married in Canada , where same - sex marriage was legal .
The breakdown of sugars illustrates how a single molecule of glucose can store enough energy to make a great deal of ATP , 36 to 38 molecules .
This flexibility about speaking in the Senate gave rise to a unique tactic , the filibuster .
Even with judicial review in place , the courts do not always stand ready just to throw out actions of the other branches of government .
Everywhere , Africans resisted slavery , and running away was common .
These are what we call macrostates .
For example , if you are studying for your chemistry exam , the material you are learning will be part of your explicit memory .
One study of sensory memory researched the significance of valuable information on short - term memory storage .
The source of this diversity is evolution , the process of gradual change during which new species arise from older species .
4392 .
5635 .
This ensures that only materials required by the root pass through the endodermis , while toxic substances and pathogens are generally excluded .
This two - parent family structure is known as a nuclear family , referring to married parents and children as the nucleus , or core , of the group .
5712 .
A corporate merger occurs when two formerly separate firms combine to become a single firm .
For example , all of the genes needed to use lactose as an energy source are coded next to each other in the lactose ( or lac ) operon .
3007 .
Renin is released in response to decreased blood volume or pressure and is part of the renin - angiotensin - aldosterone system that leads to the release of aldosterone .
In contrast , instrumental aggression is motivated by achieving a goal and does not necessarily involve intent to cause pain ( Berkowitz , 1993 ) ; a contract killer who murders for hire displays instrumental aggression .
For ideal banking , the net external force equals the horizontal centripetal force in the absence of friction .
4571 .
This path dependence is seen in [ link ] ( a ) , where more work is done in going from A to C by the path via point B than by the path via point D. The vertical paths , where volume is constant , are called isochoric processes .
1558 .
Data from household income tax returns in 2009 shows that the top 1 % of households had an average income of $ 1,219,700 per year in pre - tax income and paid an average federal tax rate of 28.9 % .
Lakota physician Charles Eastman ( [ link ] ) also worked for Native American rights .
This is distinctive from the PNS where a single Schwann cell provides myelin for only one axon as the entire Schwann cell surrounds the axon .
The micropyle allows the pollen tube to enter the female gametophyte for fertilization .
Unlike the CPI , its baskets are not fixed but re - calculate what that year ’s GDP would have been worth using the base - year ’s prices .
First published in 1886 by Louis Keller in New York City , the register became a directory of the wealthy socialites who populated the city .
The increasing public political role of the first lady continued in the 1980s with Nancy Reagan ’s “ Just Say No ” antidrug campaign and in the early 1990s with Barbara Bush ’s efforts on behalf of literacy .
The vision of an American republic put forward by Paine included the idea of popular sovereignty : citizens in the republic would determine who would represent them , and decide other issues , on the basis of majority rule .
Well aware of the problems on the frontier , the British government took steps to try to prevent bloodshed and another costly war .
In good economic times , this surge of lending exaggerates the episode of economic growth .
The root system , which supports the plants and absorbs water and minerals , is usually underground .
In his explanation of the photoelectric effect , Einstein defined a quantized unit or quantum of EM energy , which we now call a photon , with an energy proportional to the frequency of EM radiation .
However , more recent studies indicate that ABA plays only a minor role in the abscission process .
6636 .
Craig Fehrman , “ The Incredible Shrinking Sound Bite , ” Boston Globe , 2 January 2011 , http://www.boston.com/bostonglobe/ideas/articles/2011/01/02/the_incredible_shrinking_sound_bite/ .
Most representative governments favor majority rule : the opinions of the majority of the people have more influence with government than those of the minority .
A phosphate group is removed from an intermediate reactant in the pathway , and the free energy of the reaction is used to add the third phosphate to an available ADP molecule , producing ATP ( [ link ] ) .
Sociologist Robert Merton agreed that deviance is an inherent part of a functioning society , but he expanded on Durkheim ’s ideas by developing strain theory , which notes that access to socially acceptable goals plays a part in determining whether a person conforms or deviates .
Some sociologists assert that this level of media exposure leads to narcotizing dysfunction , a result in which people are too overwhelmed with media input to really care about the issue , so their involvement becomes defined by awareness instead of by action ( Lazerfeld and Merton 1948 ) .
Diffusion of responsibility is the tendency for no one in a group to help because the responsibility to help is spread throughout the group ( Bandura , 1999 ) .
4748 .
Plants require only light , water and about 20 elements to support all their biochemical needs : these 20 elements are called essential nutrients ( [ link ] ) .
Of these , only ten were accepted by three - quarters of the state legislatures .
The immediate impetus to the invasion , it argued , was the fear that Hussein was stockpiling weapons of mass destruction ( WMDs ) : nuclear , chemical , or biological weapons capable of wreaking great havoc .
Anyone elected to the office of governor assumes tremendous responsibility overnight .
Another interesting phenomenon associated with polarized light is the ability of some crystals to split an unpolarized beam of light into two .
5569 .
This ensures that after all amending and modifying has occurred , the two houses ultimately reach an agreement about the legislation they send to the president .
Despite the ruptures and tensions , by the 1860s , some hope of healing the nation still existed .
Accustomed to representative democracy , jury trials , and the defendant ’s right to appear before a judge , the Anglo - American settlers in Texas also disliked the Mexican legal system , which provided for an initial hearing by an alcalde , an administrator who often combined the duties of mayor , judge , and law enforcement officer .
ATP hydrolysis is required for this process .
The second world was the in - between category : nations not as limited in development as the third world , but not as well off as the first world , having moderate economies and standard of living , such as China or Cuba .
3355 .
Social stratification systems determine social position based on factors like income , education , and occupation .
Taxes on international capital flows are sometimes known as Tobin taxes , named after James Tobin , the 1981 Nobel laureate in economics who proposed such a tax in a 1972 lecture .
Creating wealth for the Empire remained a primary goal , and in the second half of the seventeenth century , especially during the Restoration , England attempted to gain better control of trade with the American colonies .
Newton ’s first law of motion states that a body at rest remains at rest , or , if in motion , remains in motion at a constant velocity unless acted on by a net external force .
There are two types of adaptive responses : the cell - mediated immune response , which is carried out by T cells , and the humoral immune response , which is controlled by activated B cells and antibodies .
In this process , known as confirmation bias , we seek out information that supports our stereotypes and ignore information that is inconsistent with our stereotypes ( Wason & Johnson - Laird , 1972 ) .
An array of approximately 20 types of soluble proteins , called a complement system , functions to destroy extracellular pathogens .
Although Thomas Jefferson , Washington ’s secretary of state , staunchly opposed Hamilton ’s plan on the constitutional grounds that the national government had no authority to create such an instrument , Hamilton managed to convince the reluctant president to sign the legislation .
The aging of a plant and all the associated processes is known as senescence , which is marked by several complex biochemical changes .
In some plants , the periderm has many openings , known as lenticels , which allow the interior cells to exchange gases with the outside atmosphere ( [ link ] ) .
190 .
On the other hand , if the budget deficits are increasing aggregate demand when the economy is producing substantially less than potential GDP , an inflationary increase in the price level is not much of a danger and the central bank might react with expansionary monetary policy .
Even though deepening human and physical capital will tend to increase GDP per capita , the law of diminishing returns suggests that as an economy continues to increase its human and physical capital , the marginal gains to economic growth will diminish .
Phrenologists believed that the mind contained thirty - seven “ faculties , ” the strengths or weaknesses of which could be determined by a close examination of the size and shape of the cranium ( [ link ] ) .
5245 .
Conversely , alleles that were close to each other on the chromosome were likely to be inherited together .
It aims to change cognitive distortions and self - defeating behaviors .
5732 .
2534 .
In [ link ] , producer surplus is the area labeled G — that is , the area between the market price and the segment of the supply curve below the equilibrium .
5486 .
378 .
7063 .
Like the monocular and binocular cues that provided information about depth , the auditory system uses both monaural ( one - eared ) and binaural ( two - eared ) cues to localize sound .
This continuously synthesized strand is known as the leading strand .
In this case , because FF size 12 { " F " } { } is perpendicular to rr size 12 { r } { } , torque is simply τ = Frτ = Fr size 12 { τ = rα } { } .
The second layer is called the perirenal fat capsule , which helps anchor the kidneys in place .
A copyright , according to the U.S .
A person who experiences derealization might feel as though he is in a fog or a dream , or that the surrounding world is somehow artificial and unreal .
2081 .
5760 .
The answer lies with an energy - supplying molecule called adenosine triphosphate , or ATP .
With the popularization of radio in the early twentieth century , it became possible to broadcast the president ’s voice into many of the nation ’s homes .
One of the best - known party realignments occurred when Democrats moved to include African Americans and other minorities into their national coalition during the Great Depression .
As a result of her actions , in April 1960 , the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee ( SNCC ) formed to carry the battle forward .
392 .
An especially lengthy and deep recession is called a depression .
Michels ( 1911 ) suggested that all large organizations are characterized by the Iron Rule of Oligarchy , wherein an entire organization is ruled by a few elites .
We will not consider such rotation until later , and so for now we arrange things so that no rotation is possible .
902 .
3775 .
The weaknesses of the Articles of Confederation , already recognized by many , became apparent to all as a result of an uprising of Massachusetts farmers , led by Daniel Shays .
1289 .
( Many physical quantities are defined solely in terms of how they are measured .
The lens is attached to muscles that can change its shape to aid in focusing light that is reflected from near or far objects .
The crude death rate is a number derived from the number of deaths per 1,000 people per year .
Ependymal cells line fluid - filled ventricles of the brain and the central canal of the spinal cord .
3131 .
The fixed ends of strings must be nodes , too , because the string can not move there .
So Marbury petitioned the Supreme Court to use its power under the Judiciary Act of 1789 and issue a writ of mandamus to force the new president ’s secretary of state , James Madison , to deliver the commission documents .
It is formed from three bones that fuse in the adult .
Wundt viewed psychology as a scientific study of conscious experience , and he believed that the goal of psychology was to identify components of consciousness and how those components combined to result in our conscious experience .
While they no longer faced relentless toil under the lash , freed people emerged from slavery without any money and needed farm implements , food , and other basic necessities to start their new lives .
6173 .
In 1968 , students of Asian ancestry at the University of California at Berkeley formed the Asian American Political Alliance .
In addition to RBPs that bind to and control ( increase or decrease ) RNA stability , other elements called microRNAs can bind to the RNA molecule .
5487 .
5681 .
Activists for women ’s rights fought for , and won , greater reproductive freedom for women , better wages , and access to credit .
Externalities can be negative or positive .
In eighteenth - century America , as in Great Britain , the legal status of married women was defined as coverture , meaning a married woman ( or feme covert ) had no legal or economic status independent of her husband .
[ link ] presents an aggregate demand ( AD ) curve .
Religious beliefs are specific ideas members of a particular faith hold to be true , such as that Jesus Christ was the son of God , or that reincarnation exists .
Chief Justice Marshall delivered a two - part ruling in favor of Gibbons that strengthened the power of the national government .
In November 1775 , he issued a decree , known as Dunmore ’s Proclamation , promising freedom to slaves and indentured servants of rebels who remained loyal to the king and who pledged to fight with the Loyalists against the insurgents .
4376 .
6323 .
Other defense mechanisms include rationalization , displacement , and sublimation .
The three fatty acids in the triacylglycerol may be similar or dissimilar .
( See the following Clear It Up feature to understand what is meant by investment . )
The new president ’s background suggested he would be a strong administrator .
Making matters worse , financial institutions created instruments called credit default swaps , which were essentially a form of insurance on investments .
“ Young Americans are Opting Out of Politics , but Not Because They ’re Cynical , ” http://www.psmag.com/politics-and-law/young-people-are-not-so-politically-inclined .
New federalism is premised on the idea that the decentralization of policies enhances administrative efficiency , reduces overall public spending , and improves policy outcomes .
3747 .
First , aggregate demand is not always automatically high enough to provide firms with an incentive to hire enough workers to reach full employment .
In some cases , users experience vivid visual hallucinations .
Cognitive therapy is a form of psychotherapy that focuses on how a person ’s thoughts lead to feelings of distress .
However , this exemption is temporary and relative to the severity of the illness .
President Andrew Jackson is reported to have said , “ John Marshall has made his decision , now let him enforce it , ” and the Court ’s ruling was basically ignored .
A partial synaptonemal complex develops only between the regions of homology .
Positive Feedback Loop
These papers included materials from a secret history of the Vietnam War that had been compiled by the military .
Evolutionary biologists study the evolution of living things in everything from the microscopic world to ecosystems .
But it is true that you might feel ” poor ” if you are living without a car to drive to and from work , without any money for a safety net should a family member fall ill , and without any “ extras ” beyond just making ends meet . Contrary to relative poverty , people who live in absolute poverty lack even the basic necessities , which typically include adequate food , clean water , safe housing , and access to healthcare .
The radius is located along the lateral ( thumb ) side of the forearm and articulates with the humerus at the elbow .
3038 .
354 .
Studies suggest that darker skinned African Americans experience more discrimination than lighter skinned African Americans ( Herring , Keith , and Horton 2004 ; Klonoff and Landrine 2000 ) .
In a normal - sighted individual , the lens will focus images perfectly on a small indentation in the back of the eye known as the fovea , which is part of the retina , the light - sensitive lining of the eye .
Deposit insurance : Banks are required by law to pay a small fraction of their deposits to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation , which goes into a fund that is used to pay depositors the value of their bank deposits up to $ 250,000 ( the amount was raised from $ 100,000 to $ 250,000 in 2008 ) if the bank should go bankrupt .
401 .
http://blacklivesmatter.com/about/ ( August 29 , 2015 ) .
1545 .
5968 .
4779 .
Energy associated with objects in motion is called kinetic energy .
Saying a person has comorbid disorders means the individual has two or more diagnoses .
In 1924 , the Indian Citizenship Act granted citizenship to all Native Americans born after its passage .
Some prominent central banks around the world include the European Central Bank , the Bank of Japan , and the Bank of England .
In writing the Declaration of Independence in 1776 , Thomas Jefferson drew on the ideas of John Locke to express the colonists ’ belief that they had certain inalienable or natural rights that no ruler had the power or authority to deny to his or her subjects .
6296 .
An antagonist , on the other hand , blocks or impedes the normal activity of a neurotransmitter at the receptor .
Discrimination can be based on age , religion , health , and other indicators ; race - based laws against discrimination strive to address this set of social problems .
One disease that results in sensorineural hearing loss is Ménière 's disease .
The process is called x - ray diffraction , because it involves the diffraction and interference of x rays to produce patterns that can be analyzed for information about the structures that scattered the x rays .
4382 .
4948 .
If AARP , one of the largest and most active groups of voters in the United States , is unhappy with a bill , members of the relevant congressional committees will take that response into consideration .
One of these assemblies , the Massachusetts Provincial Congress , passed the Suffolk Resolves in September 1774 , which laid out a plan of resistance to the Intolerable Acts .
Organisms are individual living entities .
6243 .
The most effective way to teach a person or animal a new behavior is with positive reinforcement .
Some individuals are born without the ability to feel pain .
There continues to be discussion and debate among researchers as to which neurotransmitter plays which specific role ( Blockland , 1996 ) .
6816 .
824 .
If Bradford adopts a problem - focused coping approach to managing his stress , he would be proactive in trying to alleviate the source of the stress .
Wavelength is directly related to the frequency of a given wave form .
The complementary U – A region of the mRNA transcript forms only a weak interaction with the template DNA .
2477 .
Longitudinal research is a research design in which data - gathering is administered repeatedly over an extended period of time .
In other words , all the p alleles and all the q alleles make up all of the alleles for that locus that are found in the population . But what ultimately interests most biologists is not the frequencies of different alleles , but the frequencies of the resulting genotypes , known as the population ’s genetic structure , from which scientists can surmise the distribution of phenotypes .
A piece of lead with holes bored through it collimates γγ size 12 { γ } { } rays emerging from the patient , allowing detectors to receive γ γ size 12 { γ } { } rays from specific directions only .
6463 .
With his efforts towards ensuring African American civil rights stymied by a Democratic Congress , and his decision to halt the coinage of silver merely adding to the pressures of the economic Panic of 1873 , Hayes failed to achieve any significant legislation during his presidency .
4781 .
827 .
621 .
2471 .
Podocytes , cells specialized for ultrafiltration of bodily fluids , are present near the center of echinoderms .
This was long after the passage of the Fourteenth Amendment in 1868 , which granted citizenship to African Americans but not , the Supreme Court decided in Elk v. Wilkins ( 1884 ) , to Native Americans .
The Klan was founded in 1866 as an oath - bound fraternal order of Confederate veterans in Tennessee , with former Confederate General Nathan Bedford Forrest as its first leader .
Many nations around the world saw similar increases in unemployment and inflation .
Axons from the retinal ganglion cells converge and exit through the back of the eye to form the optic nerve .
The Society for Industrial and Organizational Psychology ( SIOP ) , a division of the APA , lists 8,000 members ( SIOP , 2014 ) and the Bureau of Labor Statistics — U.S .
The sperm of modern gymnosperms lack flagella , but in cycads and the Gingko , the sperm still possess flagella that allow them to swim down the pollen tube to the female gamete ; however , they are enclosed in a pollen grain .
How does this rise in income alter her utility - maximizing choice ?
Tropomyosin blocks myosin binding sites on actin molecules , preventing cross - bridge formation and preventing contraction in a muscle without nervous input .
When citizens rely on television ads , initiative titles , or advice from others in determining how to vote , they can become confused and make the wrong decisions .
Proto - oncogenes are normal genes that , when mutated in certain ways , become oncogenes , genes that cause a cell to become cancerous .
Calcitonin release is not controlled by TSH , but instead is released when calcium ion concentrations in the blood rise . 1516 .
Because memory is so fragile , witnesses can be easily ( and often accidentally ) misled due to the problem of suggestibility .
Democratic leaders encourage group participation in all decision making .
The Supreme Court also sided with the federal government on the issue of whether states could tax federal property .
6564 .
3111 .
Despite the title , the job is largely a formal and powerless role .
1994 .
The fluid - filled semicircular canals are tubular loops set at oblique angles .
As you have already learned , Medicare was created decades earlier .
For instance , identical twins share the same genetic information ( identical twins develop from a single fertilized egg that split , so the genetic material is exactly the same in each ; in contrast , fraternal twins develop from two different eggs fertilized by different sperm , so the genetic material varies as with non - twin siblings ) .
Peroxisomes are small , round organelles enclosed by single membranes .
The myocardium consists of the heart muscle cells that make up the middle layer and the bulk of the heart wall .
Lazarus ( 1991 ) developed the cognitive - mediational theory that asserts our emotions are determined by our appraisal of the stimulus .
Catabolic pathways involve the degradation ( or breakdown ) of complex molecules into simpler ones .
Consider what might happen to the cell cycle in a cell with a recently acquired oncogene .
The insulation used to conserve the body heat comes in the forms of fur , fat , or feathers .
5076 .
One method is known as predatory pricing , in which a firm uses the threat of sharp price cuts to discourage competition .
541 .
However , the first eight amendments are largely silent on the status of traditional common law , which was the legal basis for many of the natural rights claimed by the framers in the Declaration of Independence .
2148 .
Natural selection only acts on the population ’s heritable traits : selecting for beneficial alleles and thus increasing their frequency in the population , while selecting against deleterious alleles and thereby decreasing their frequency — a process known as adaptive evolution .
4892 .
Pew is now working with eight states to update their voter registration rolls and encouraging more states to share their rolls in an effort to find duplicates .
2452 .
Between 5 and 8 months old , the child develops object permanence , which is the understanding that even if something is out of sight , it still exists ( Bogartz , Shinskey , & Schilling , 2000 ) .
Structural isomers ( like butane and isobutene shown in [ link ] a ) differ in the placement of their covalent bonds : both molecules have four carbons and ten hydrogens ( C4H10 ) , but the different arrangement of the atoms within the molecules leads to differences in their chemical properties .
For centuries , psychological disorders were viewed from a supernatural perspective : attributed to a force beyond scientific understanding .
The challenge is that these products , which are multiplying at alarming rates thanks in part to planned obsolescence ( the designing of products to quickly become outdated and then be replaced by the constant emergence of newer and cheaper electronics ) , have toxic chemicals and precious metals in them , which makes for a dangerous combination .
Solomon Asch conducted several experiments in the 1950s to determine how people are affected by the thoughts and behaviors of other people .
This makes the care - providing situation more complex .
LH stimulates production of the sex hormones ( androgens ) by the interstitial cells of the testes and therefore is also called interstitial cell - stimulating hormone .
The standard unit of intensity of light is the candela , which is approximately the luminous intensity of a one common candle .
In the meantime , Garland met with numerous senators , such as Republican Susan Collins of Maine ( b ) .
At one extreme , at a choice like P , a country would be selecting a high level of economic output but very little environmental protection .
The Glomeromycota is a newly established phylum which comprises about 230 species that all live in close association with the roots of trees .
This system sorts organisms into clades : groups of organisms that descended from a single ancestor .
Exchange rates are expressed either as the units of country A ’s currency that need to be traded for a single unit of country B ’s currency ( for example , Japanese yen per British pound ) , or as the inverse ( for example , British pounds per Japanese yen ) .
1376 .
However , these associations do not have strict enforcement authority over specific nations , unless a group of member nations takes action in some manner ( which is ultimately voluntary ) . 7023 .
4792 .
4486 .
In a compound leaf , the leaf blade is completely divided , forming leaflets , as in the locust tree .
3405 .
6055 .
Neurons in the parietal lobe are involved in speech and also reading .
Ferguson ’s racial imbalance may explain in part why , even though in 2010 only about 63 percent of its population was black , in 2013 blacks were detained in 86 percent of stops , 92 percent of searches , and 93 percent of arrests ( Missouri Attorney General ’s Office 2014 ) .
Language , be it spoken , signed , or written , has specific components : a lexicon and grammar .
Churches and civic organizations provided some relief to the challenges of working - class city life .
816 .
269 .
2278 .
Laura van Assendelft .
Meristematic tissue cells are either undifferentiated or incompletely differentiated , and they continue to divide and contribute to the growth of the plant .
On April 15 , 1947 , Jackie Robinson started for the Brooklyn Dodgers , playing first base .
For example , as an employee at Walmart , your shift manager assigns you tasks .
Brazil ’s central bank can use a contractionary monetary policy to raise interest rates , which will increase demand and reduce supply of the currency on foreign exchange markets , and lead to an appreciation .
Normal - sighted individuals have three different types of cones that mediate color vision .
The pupil ’s size is controlled by muscles that are connected to the iris , which is the colored portion of the eye .
These organizations can not contribute directly to a candidate , nor can they strategize with a candidate ’s campaign .
6288 .
Some people , however , experience anxiety that is excessive , persistent , and greatly out of proportion to the actual threat ; if one ’s anxiety has a disruptive influence on one ’s life , this is a strong indicator that the individual is experiencing an anxiety disorder . Anxiety disorders are characterized by excessive and persistent fear and anxiety , and by related disturbances in behavior ( APA , 2013 ) .
Microscopes were first developed in the early 1600s by eyeglass makers in The Netherlands and Denmark .
Microphylls are present in the club mosses and probably preceded the development of megaphylls , or “ big leaves ” , which are larger leaves with a pattern of branching veins .
Visual encoding is the encoding of images , and acoustic encoding is the encoding of sounds , words in particular .
6581 .
The magnetic field is traditionally called the B - field .
3928 .
U.S. elections are based on plurality voting .
3366 .
3931 .
Others argue that who we are is based entirely in genetics .
Bonds are means by which the U.S. government ( and many private - sector companies as well ) borrows money ; that is , investors buy the bonds , and then the government repays the money with interest .
There are three forms of direct democracy used in the United States .
Whereas the two other areas of I - O psychology focus on the interface between the worker and team , group , or organization , human factors psychology focuses on the individual worker ’s interaction with a machine , work station , information displays , and the local environment , such as lighting .
The standard of intermediate scrutiny was first applied by the Supreme Court in Craig v. Boren ( 1976 ) and again in Clark v. Jeter ( 1988 ) .
6462 .
Increased temperature , such as from increased activity of skeletal muscle , causes the affinity of hemoglobin for oxygen to be reduced . Diseases like sickle cell anemia and thalassemia decrease the blood ’s ability to deliver oxygen to tissues and its oxygen - carrying capacity .
If a justice agrees with the outcome of the case but not with the majority ’s reasoning in it , that justice may write a concurring opinion .
Collectively , this network of protein fibers is known as the cytoskeleton .
In addition to describing the process of election for the presidency and vice presidency , the delegates to the Constitutional Convention also outlined who was eligible for election and how Congress might remove the president .
That same year , Walter Sutton observed the separation of chromosomes into daughter cells during meiosis ( [ link ] ) .
2860 .
In 2015 , marriage equality was recognized in thirty - six states plus Washington , DC , up from seventeen in 2013 .
At Qa , it makes sense to allocate more resources to fight pollution .
The situation in which Choice A is preferred by a majority over Choice B , Choice B is preferred by a majority over Choice C , and Choice C is preferred by a majority over Choice A is called a voting cycle .
When Mendel transferred pollen from a plant with violet flowers to the stigma of a plant with white flowers and vice versa , he obtained about the same ratio regardless of which parent , male or female , contributed which trait .
1678 .
1027 .
3449 .
For this reason , what we have been calling the AS curve , will from this point on may also be referred to as the short run aggregate supply ( SRAS ) curve .
We call the hypothetical unified force superforce . Now let us imagine starting at TOE and moving forward in time to see what type of universe is created from various events along the way .
These needs result in psychological drive states that direct behavior to meet the need and , ultimately , bring the system back to homeostasis .
We grow up surrounded by images of stereotypes and casual expressions of racism and prejudice .
5066 .
886 .
Their long - term solution was to propose two amendments to the Constitution to guarantee the rights of freed slaves on an equal standing with whites ; these rights became the Fourteenth Amendment , which dealt with civil liberties and rights in general , and the Fifteenth Amendment , which protected the right to vote in particular ( [ link ] ) .
4279 .
Science includes such diverse fields as astronomy , biology , computer sciences , geology , logic , physics , chemistry , and mathematics ( [ link ] ) .
1707 .
In protostomy , solid groups of cells split from the endoderm or inner germ layer to form a central mesodermal layer of cells .
Meristematic tissue cells are either undifferentiated or incompletely differentiated , and they continue to divide and contribute to the growth of the plant .
These measurements are quite accurate because they are very close to the correct value of 11.0 inches .
Most mammals have heterodont teeth , meaning that they have different types and shapes of teeth rather than just one type and shape of tooth .
These perceived physical defects cause the person to think she is unattractive , ugly , hideous , or deformed .
1314 .
The search for gold represented an opportunity far different from the slow plod that homesteading farmers faced .
2353 .
Usually , this is because the mRNA is missing several U nucleotides .
In [ link ] , social surplus would be shown as the area F + G .
The majority of the ocean is aphotic and lacks sufficient light for photosynthesis .
6884 .
The characteristics included plant height , seed texture , seed color , flower color , pea pod size , pea pod color , and flower position .
John Zaller .
It is the reserve amount that can be exhaled beyond what is normal .
In 1765 , the British Parliament moved beyond the efforts during the previous two years to better regulate westward expansion and trade by putting in place the Stamp Act .
Roles and StatusAs you can imagine , people employ many types of behaviors in day - to - day life .
Humus improves soil structure and provides plants with water and minerals . 1214 .
For example , imagine that you buy a house for $ 200,000 , paying 10 % of the price as a down payment and taking out a bank loan for the remaining $ 180,000 .
This technique overcomes the limitation of genetic mapping and is not affected by increased or decreased recombination frequency .
2270 .
On the horizontal axis is hours of leisure ( or time spent with family responsibilities ) increasing in quantity from right to left .
These undergo rapid chemical reactions , producing perhaps four or five thousand different compounds called radiolytic products , some of which make cell function impossible by breaking cell membranes , fracturing DNA , and so on .
Soil develops very slowly over long periods of time , and its formation results from natural and environmental forces acting on mineral , rock , and organic compounds .
A role schema makes assumptions about how individuals in certain roles will behave ( Callero , 1994 ) .
3675 .
3371 .
Cohesion allows for the development of surface tension , the capacity of a substance to withstand being ruptured when placed under tension or stress .
In the 1970s , this pattern of a shift to the left in SRAS leading to a stagnant economy with high unemployment and inflation was nicknamed stagflation .
For example , if you have health insurance that covers the cost of visiting the doctor , you may be less likely to take precautions against catching an illness that might require a doctor ’s visit .
In some animals , such as the gray wolf , these associations can last much longer , even a lifetime .
They are prominent in conifers and are commonly known as pine cones .
However , in letting this provision stand , the court warned Arizona and other states with similar laws that they could face civil rights lawsuits if police officers applied it based on racial profiling .
Two types of unemployment were described in the Unemployment chapter .
282 .
Any research institution that receives federal support for research involving human participants must have access to an institutional review board ( IRB ) .
4766 .
Taxes are imposed by national governments , not international ones .
Vertebrata is named for the vertebral column , composed of vertebrae , a series of separate bones joined together as a backbone ( [ link ] ) .
4930 .
2264 .
These stages were first proposed by Richard Atkinson and Richard Shiffrin ( 1968 ) .
6421 .
For most years of the nineteenth century , U.S. imports exceeded exports and the U.S. economy had a trade deficit .
Their mRNA is produced by transcription in much the same way as with cellular DNA .
The Nile perch population grew by consuming cichlids , driving species after species to the point of extinction ( the disappearance of a species ) .
But the advent of civil service reform in the 1880s systematically deprived presidents of that option and reduced its scope and effectiveness .
One of the most common treatments for sleep apnea involves the use of a special device during sleep .
This result was nicknamed the Bradley effect , on the theory that voters who answered the poll were afraid to admit they would not vote for a black man because it would appear politically incorrect and racist .
We will consider these two claims in turn , and then see how they are represented in the AD / AS model . The first building block of the Keynesian diagnosis is that recessions occur when the level of household and business sector demand for goods and services is less than what is produced when labor is fully employed .
In this way , government policy is shaped from the bottom up and not from the top down , as we see in elitist theory .
4837 .
Matched pairs of chromosomes in a diploid organism are called homologous ( “ same knowledge ” ) chromosomes .
Sporophylls are specialized leaves that produce sporangia .
Each court is overseen by a rotating panel of three judges who do not hold trials but instead review the rulings of the trial ( district ) courts within their geographic circuit .
2245 .
In light of Baehr v. Lewin , a 1993 ruling in which the Hawaii Supreme Court asserted that the state ’s ban on same - sex marriage was unconstitutional , a number of states became worried that they would be required to recognize those marriage certificates .
The electrostatic force has a horizontal component that results in the leaves moving apart as well as a vertical component that is balanced by the gravitational force . 2943 .
This process of cell division is called mitosis .
Because of the location of the eye - color gene , reciprocal crosses do not produce the same offspring ratios .
5472 .
LEVELS OF CONSCIOUSNESS
Some inhibitor molecules bind to enzymes in a location where their binding induces a conformational change that reduces the affinity of the enzyme for its substrate .
4482 .
These agreements run the gamut from bilateral agreements about tariffs to multinational agreements among dozens of countries about the treatment of prisoners of war .
These thinkers believed that ideas and social constructs must be proven to work before they could be accepted . 2420 .
732 .
An individual with an error in chromosome number is described as aneuploid , a term that includes monosomy ( loss of one chromosome ) or trisomy ( gain of an extraneous chromosome ) .
An inefficient machine operates at high cost , while an efficient machine operates at lower cost , because it is not wasting energy or materials .
The first troops were deployed there in August 1990 , as part of Operation Desert Shield , which was intended to build U.S. military strength in the area in preparation for an eventual military operation . 7019 .
4170 .
And the nature of the universe has implications for unexplored regions of particle physics .
A democracy is a government in which political power — influence over institutions , leaders , and policies — rests in the hands of the people .
Specifically , the federal design spelled out in the Constitution divides powers between two levels of government — the states and the federal government — and creates a mechanism for them to check and balance one another .
1139 .
For example , the corolla in lilies and tulips consists of three sepals and three petals that look virtually identical .
These forces and events led to the increased regulation of public and common goods , and a move for the public sector — the government — to take over of the provision of many toll goods .
Anthony J. Nownes . 2013 .
Second , the law raised the qualifications for employment in civil service positions by requiring applicants to pass exams designed to test their competence in a number of important skill and knowledge areas .
A tagged compound used for medical purposes is called a radiopharmaceutical .
In this way , economists have a better sense of the underlying trends in prices that affect the cost of living .
Atoms of each element contain a characteristic number of protons and electrons .
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission ( n.d . ) provides the following description of sexual harassment :
Many also worried that even a government of representatives elected by the people might become too powerful and overbearing .
In these states , many former Confederate politicians and their sympathizers returned to power and attempted to circumvent the Thirteenth Amendment ’s freeing of slaves by passing laws known as the black codes .
6398 .
Roger Sherman from Connecticut offered a compromise to break the deadlock over the thorny question of representation .
The biologists studying cichlids in the 1980s discovered hundreds of cichlid species representing a variety of specializations to particular habitat types and specific feeding strategies : eating plankton floating in the water , scraping and then eating algae from rocks , eating insect larvae from the bottom , and eating the eggs of other species of cichlid .
You may use whichever expression is more convenient , as illustrated in examples below . A centrifuge ( see [ link ] b ) is a rotating device used to separate specimens of different densities .
The thermal motion of atoms and molecules in any object at a temperature above absolute zero causes them to emit and absorb radiation .
The type of benefits provided differ according to the country and their specific type of governmental system , but governments commonly provide such things as education , health care , and an infrastructure for transportation .
187 .
This fact was discussed in Kinematics in Two Dimensions : An Introduction , where vertical and horizontal motions were seen to be independent .
The outer layer of cells is called the epicardium , of which the second layer is a membranous layered structure called the pericardium that surrounds and protects the heart ; it allows enough room for vigorous pumping but also keeps the heart in place to reduce friction between the heart and other structures .
A hypothesis is a testable educated guess about predicted outcomes between two or more variables ; it ’s a possible explanation for specific happenings in the social world and allows for testing to determine whether the explanation holds true in many instances , as well as among various groups or in different places .
This means that you can in principle travel an unlimited distance in any direction .
Eddy currents can produce significant drag , called magnetic damping , on the motion involved .
1399 .
The microwave and infrared regions of the electromagnetic spectrum overlap ( see [ link ] ) .
3537 .
This experimentation led to the creation of a new musical form known as rockabilly , and by the 1950s , rockabilly had developed into rock and roll .
One response to the financial crisis was the Dodd - Frank Act , which attempted major reforms of the financial system .
Ivan Pavlov ’s research on the digestive system of dogs unexpectedly led to his discovery of the learning process now known as classical conditioning .
6027 .
These are the smallest bones in the body and are unique to mammals . Fourteen facial bones form the face , provide cavities for the sense organs ( eyes , mouth , and nose ) , protect the entrances to the digestive and respiratory tracts , and serve as attachment points for facial muscles .
Each teardrop - shaped vascular bundle consists of large xylem vessels toward the inside and smaller phloem cells toward the outside .
This action causes blood to be drawn into a small - diameter tube when the tube touches a drop .
Water is drawn over gills that are located in chambers covered and ventilated by a protective , muscular flap called the operculum .
Stanley Milgram was an American social psychologist who is most famous for research that he conducted on obedience .
James Monroe used his annual message in 1823 to declare that the United States would consider it an intolerable act of aggression for European powers to intervene in the affairs of the nations of the Western Hemisphere .
6139 .
3856 .
Paramilitary white - supremacist terror organizations in the South helped bring about the collapse of Reconstruction , using violence as their primary weapon .
2236 .
2302 .
At these relatively low levels of output , levels of unemployment are high , and many factories are running only part - time , or have closed their doors .
Why is dark matter a problem ?
In contrast , heterosporous plants produce two morphologically different types of spores .
These included more expensive excursions , such as vacations in Newport , Rhode Island , winter relocation to sunny Florida , and frequent trips aboard steamships to Europe .
Cellulose is the most abundant natural biopolymer .
1255 .
2543 .
776 .
A food web is a graphic representation of a holistic , non - linear web of primary producers , primary consumers , and higher - level consumers used to describe ecosystem structure and dynamics ( [ link ] ) .
This process was codified in the Negotiated Rulemaking Acts of 1990 and 1996 , which encouraged agencies to employ negotiated rulemaking procedures .
All in all , Justice Anthony Kennedy ’s opinion embraced an expansive view of the U.S. government ’s authority to regulate immigration and aliens , describing it as broad and undoubted .
This can be caused by low levels of insulin production by the beta cells of the pancreas , or by reduced sensitivity of tissue cells to insulin .
4513 .
6499 .
After the ligand binds to the cell - surface receptor , the activation of the receptor ’s intracellular components sets off a chain of events that is called a signaling pathway or a signaling cascade .
When a leaf is exposed to full sun , the light - dependent reactions are required to process an enormous amount of energy ; if that energy is not handled properly , it can do significant damage .
Many women were active in these causes , especially the abolition movement and the temperance movement , which tried to end the excessive consumption of liquor .
Tolerance can cause the user to increase the amount of drug used to a dangerous level — even to the point of overdose and death .
E 0 = 2 π 2 q e 4 m e k 2 h 2 = 13.6 eV .
About 50 percent of the approximately $ 1.2 trillion set aside for discretionary spending each year pays for most of the operations of government , including employee salaries and the maintenance of federal buildings .
In debt bondage , or bonded labor , the poor pledge themselves as servants in exchange for the cost of basic necessities like transportation , room , and board .
5501 .
3963 .
Early work in the field of behavior was conducted by the Russian physiologist Ivan Pavlov ( 1849 – 1936 ) .
In other cases , culturable organisms become unculturable under stressful conditions , even though the same organism could be cultured previously .
The central region of the cell in which prokaryotic DNA resides is called the nucleoid .
In August 2009 , many members of the U.S. Congress used their summer recess to return to their home districts and hold town hall - style meetings to discuss President Obama ’s proposed changes to the U.S. healthcare system .
His life story testified to that belief .
3658 .
Another approach is to require a cosigner on a loan ; that is , another person or firm who legally pledges to repay some or all of the money if the original borrower does not do so .
It probably required a lot of work and attention on your part in order to encode that information .
5524 .
When are resistors in series ?
The occipital lobe is located at the back of the brain .
Organizational culture encompasses the values , visions , hierarchies , norms , and interactions among its employees .
5980 .
Racism is prejudice and discrimination against an individual based solely on one ’s membership in a specific racial group ( such as toward African Americans , Asian Americans , Latinos , Native Americans , European Americans ) .
A problem - solving strategy is a plan of action used to find a solution .
Between signals , the neuron membrane ’s potential is held in a state of readiness , called the resting potential .
4159 .
5293 .
5311 .
If we want to remember a piece of information , we should think about it more deeply and link it to other information and memories to make it more meaningful .
James Feyrer and Bruce Sacerdote .
Suddenly , a process that was extraordinarily labor - intensive when done by hand could be completed quickly and easily .
2754 .
5523 .
Price elasticity is the ratio between the percentage change in the quantity demanded ( Qd ) or supplied ( Qs ) and the corresponding percent change in price .
The medulla controls the automatic processes of the autonomic nervous system , such as breathing , blood pressure , and heart rate .
731 .
Ibid .
6356 .
In nature , the disease - causing A. tumefaciens have a set of plasmids , called the Ti plasmids ( tumor - inducing plasmids ) , that contain genes for the production of tumors in plants .
New World monkeys are also called Platyrrhini — a reference to their broad noses ( [ link ] ) .
6917 .
Like Spain , Mexico also wished to encourage settlement in the state of Coahuila y Texas and passed colonization laws to encourage immigration .
5752 .
The diaphysis , or central shaft , contains bone marrow in a marrow cavity .
Consciousness describes our awareness of internal and external stimuli .
For example , Washington established a cabinet or group of advisors to help him administer his duties , consisting of the most senior appointed officers of the executive branch .
It also includes the pectoral girdle , or shoulder girdle , that attaches the upper limbs to the body , and the pelvic girdle that attaches the lower limbs to the body ( [ link ] ) .
Had they not succeeded , an escalating set of options likely would have included diplomatic sanctions ( removal of ambassadors ) , economic sanctions ( such as an embargo on trade and the flow of money between the countries ) , minor military options ( such as establishment of a no - fly zone just outside Chinese airspace ) , or more significant military options ( such as a focused campaign to enter China and get the pilots back ) .
4435 .
The atrial natriuretic peptide ( ANP ) lowers blood pressure by acting as a vasodilator .
The formulation of new memories is sometimes called construction , and the process of bringing up old memories is called reconstruction .
The others are in Washington , DC ; Puerto Rico ; Guam ; the U.S. Virgin Islands ; and the Northern Mariana Islands .
The Commission was under heavy pressure from Congress , however , and had little authority .
GDP deflator is a price index measuring the average prices of all goods and services included in the economy .
The packing proteins of bacteria are , however , related to the cohesin and condensin proteins involved in the chromosome compaction of eukaryotes . The bacterial chromosome is attached to the plasma membrane at about the midpoint of the cell .
Chondrocytes are found in spaces within the tissue called lacunae .
In this photograph , Lois Lerner , the former director of the Internal Revenue Service ’s Exempt Organizations Unit , sits before an oversight committee in Congress following a 2013 investigation .
Key Concepts and Summary
Despite the retraction , the reporting in popular media led to concerns about a possible link between vaccines and autism persisting .
2015 .
3620 .
2820 .
For instance , in the 1960s a major scientific effort nicknamed the Green Revolution focused on breeding improved seeds for basic crops like wheat and rice .
The manner in which solar energy travels is described as waves .
How is the rate of economic growth connected to changes in the unemployment rate ?
It is intriguing to notice that the three longest trough - to - peak expansions of the twentieth century have happened since 1960 .
Eventually you forget about it .
The occipital lobe is located at the very back of the brain , and contains the primary visual cortex , which is responsible for interpreting incoming visual information .
Another way a population ’s allele and genotype frequencies can change is genetic drift ( [ link ] ) , which is simply the effect of chance .
At this point , you should have firmly in mind the main goals of macroeconomics from Welcome to Economics !
6652 .
The answer is that they likely prefer to do something else and realize they can receive the same grade as the rest of the group without contributing to the effort .
Another approach is to require a cosigner on a loan ; that is , another person or firm who legally pledges to repay some or all of the money if the original borrower does not do so .
Topsoil is rich in organic material ; microbial processes occur there , and it is the “ workhorse ” of plant production .
Because states were reluctant to give up any of their power , the national government lacked authority in the face of challenges such as servicing the war debt , ending commercial disputes among states , negotiating trade agreements with other countries , and addressing popular uprisings that were sweeping the country .
2014 .
Syntax refers to the way words are organized into sentences ( Chomsky , 1965 ; Fernández & Cairns , 2011 ) .
News agencies are aware of the relationship between citizens and elites , which is why news anchors for major networks are carefully chosen .
The Hoover Dam ( [ link ] ) , completed in 1935 , served the dual purposed of generating hydroelectric power and irrigating two million acres of land from the resulting reservoir ( Lake Mead ) .
The two poles are thus named the north magnetic pole and the south magnetic pole ( or more properly , north - seeking and south - seeking poles , for the attractions in those directions ) .
For example , Individual Retirement Accounts ( IRAs ) and 401(k ) accounts are special savings accounts where the money going into the account is not taxed until it is taken out many years later , after retirement .
1014 .
556 .
As an active member and leader of the Progressive movement , President Woodrow Wilson is often considered the father of U.S. public administration .
Another medical use for viruses relies on their specificity and ability to kill the cells they infect .
2716 .
1780 .
Romantic love is defined by having passion and intimacy , but no commitment .
373 .
Even after slavery was abolished in 1865 , the next 100 years of U.S. history saw institutionalized racism and prejudice against black people .
Oglethorpe ’s vision for Georgia followed the ideals of the Age of Reason , seeing it as a place for England ’s “ worthy poor ” to start anew .
Auxins are the main hormones responsible for cell elongation in phototropism and gravitropism .
Preemption is a new idea ; the United States has tended to be retaliatory in its use of military force , as in the case of Pearl Harbor at the start of World War II .
The Jesuits were members of the Society of Jesus , an elite religious order founded in the 1540s to spread Catholicism and combat the spread of Protestantism .
Symphyses are found at the joints between vertebrae .
3555 .
Abraham Lincoln , too , famously ignored Chief Justice Roger B. Taney ’s order finding unconstitutional Lincoln ’s suspension of habeas corpus rights in 1861 , early in the Civil War .
Chloroplasts have a double membrane envelope ( composed of an outer membrane and an inner membrane ) .
2937 .
An aggregate fruit is one that develops from more than one carpel , but all are in the same flower : the mature carpels fuse together to form the entire fruit , as seen in the raspberry .
6527 .
The researchers Abraham García and Pierre Mohnen demonstrate that firms which received support from the Austrian government actually increased their research intensity and had more sales .
5328 .
6381 .
The stalk that extends from the stem to the base of the leaf is the petiole .
Ammonia can be used by plants or converted to other forms .
Proprioceptive and kinesthetic signals come from limbs .
2969 .
5471 .
The cost of producing a firm ’s output depends on how much labor and physical capital the firm uses .
4914 .
This approach asks , “ What is normal development ? ” In the early decades of the 20th century , normative psychologists studied large numbers of children at various ages to determine norms ( i.e. , average ages ) of when most children reach specific developmental milestones in each of the three domains ( Gesell , 1933 , 1939 , 1940 ; Gesell & Ilg , 1946 ; Hall , 1904 ) .
Baby BoomersOf particular interest to gerontologists today is the population of baby boomers , the cohort born between 1946 and 1964 and now reaching their 60s .
2536 .
6491 .
GDP has nothing to say about the level of inequality in society .
2289 .
The widespread use of federal mandates in the 1970s and 1980s provoked a backlash among state and local authorities , which culminated in the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act ( UMRA ) in 1995 .
By the 1960s , social welfare had become a major function of the federal government — one to which most public policy funds are devoted — and had developed to serve several overlapping functions .
3784 .
The increase in the value of the stock ( or of any asset ) between when it is bought and when it is sold is called a capital gain .
We now know that atoms themselves can be subdivided , but their identity is destroyed in the process , so the Greeks were correct in a respect .
Tax policy can also pump up investment demand by offering lower tax rates for corporations or tax reductions that benefit specific kinds of investment .
536 .
“ Record Number of Reported LGBT Homicides in 2015 , ” http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2015/04/02/lgbt-homicides_n_6993484.html .
Instead , public goods have two defining characteristics : they are nonexcludable and nonrivalrous .
First , we will explore the various psychotherapeutic orientations outlined in [ link ] ( many of these orientations were discussed in the Introduction chapter ) .
“ Race and Turnout : Does Descriptive Representation in State Legislatures Increase Minority Voting ? ” Political Research Quarterly 63 , No .
The most significant contributions of Locke , a seventeenth - century English philosopher , were his ideas regarding the relationship between government and natural rights , which were believed to be God - given rights to life , liberty , and property .
5796 .
Today ’s federal court system was not an overnight creation ; it has been changing and transitioning for more than two hundred years through various acts of Congress .
Unlike a decision about what to buy from the grocery store , decisions about investment or saving are made across a period of time , sometimes a long period .
This period is not considered a stage , because sexual feelings are dormant as children focus on other pursuits , such as school , friendships , hobbies , and sports .
6359 .
Because most birds fly , their metabolic rates are high in order to efficiently process food and keep their body weight low .
Redlining is the practice of routinely refusing mortgages for households and businesses located in predominately minority communities , while sedimentation of racial inequality describes the intergenerational impact of both practical and legalized racism that limits the abilities of black people to accumulate wealth .
Federal mediators were called in , and the two sides agreed to a deal in February 2015 .
5234 .
4733 .
The Thirteenth Amendment abolished slavery in the United States .
189 .
They display two distinct morphological stages : the vegetative and reproductive .
Autotrophic organisms that convert solar energy into chemical energy are called phototrophs , and they appeared within one billion years of the formation of Earth .
One example of a binocular depth cue is binocular disparity , the slightly different view of the world that each of our eyes receives .
757 .
Unlike studies requiring direct contact with people , using previously published data does n’t require entering a population and the investment and risks inherent in that research process .
In an economy without money , an exchange between two people would involve a double coincidence of wants , a situation in which two people each want some good or service that the other person can provide .
The practice of granting anonymity to sources is sometimes referred to as reporter ’s privilege .
When studying a photosynthetic organism , scientists can determine the types of pigments present by generating absorption spectra .
The immune system has to be regulated to prevent wasteful , unnecessary responses to harmless substances , and more importantly so that it does not attack “ self . ”
President Obama has made two appointments to the U.S. Supreme Court , Justices Sonia Sotomayor ( a ) in 2009 and Elena Kagan ( b ) in 2010 .
However , the cell membrane detaches from the wall and constricts the cytoplasm .
For example , when the neurotransmitter GABA ( gamma - aminobutyric acid ) is released from a presynaptic neuron , it binds to and opens Cl- channels .
The tRNAs have a critical role in translation ; they serve as the adaptor molecules between the mRNA template and the growing polypeptide chain .
Although the level of trade in services is still relatively small compared to trade in goods , the importance of services has expanded substantially over the last few decades .
5260 .
3556 .
They are among the founding thinkers of modern sociology .
1920 .
In some species , stems can start producing a root even when placed only in water .
If the fruit develops from a single carpel or fused carpels of a single ovary , it is known as a simple fruit , as seen in nuts and beans .
The McDonaldization of Society ( Ritzer 1993 ) refers to the increasing presence of the fast food business model in common social institutions .
The concept of going public involves the president delivering a major television address in the hope that Americans watching the address will be compelled to contact their House and Senate member and that such public pressure will result in the legislators supporting the president on a major piece of legislation .
According to someone involved in the case , the FCC declined to intervene after a complaint was filed on the matter , saying the equal - time rule applied only to the actual candidates , and that the case was an instance of the now - dead fairness doctrine .
Most fungi are obligate aerobes , requiring oxygen to survive .
Dynamics considers the forces that affect the motion of moving objects and systems .
Muscle spindles are stretch receptors that detect the amount of stretch , or lengthening of muscles .
The innermost group of structures in the flower is the gynoecium , or the female reproductive component(s ) .
3280 .
Abduction occurs when a bone moves away from the midline of the body .
The molarity of a solution is the number of moles of solute per liter of solution .
4738 .
On the other hand , how we interpret those sensations is influenced by our available knowledge , our experiences , and our thoughts .
A recession is a situation in which the economy as a whole is shrinking in size , business failures outnumber the remaining success stories , and many firms end up suffering losses and laying off workers .
For the federal government , 47 percent of 2013 revenue came from individual income taxes and 34 percent from payroll taxes , which combine Social Security tax and Medicare tax .
6284 .
This means that when comparing the exchange rates between two countries ( in this case , the United States and Canada ) , the depreciation ( or weakening ) of one country ( the U.S. dollar for this example ) indicates the appreciation ( or strengthening ) of the other currency ( which in this example is the Canadian dollar ) .
1011 .
By the time children have reached adulthood , they have created schemata for almost everything .
Soon they were mounting fierce opposition to the bill .
Justice Kennedy has become known as the “ swing ” vote , particularly on decisions like the Court ’s same - sex marriage rulings in 2015 , because he sometimes takes a more liberal position and sometimes a more conservative one .
The Twenty - Fourth Amendment ( 1964 ) abolished the use of poll taxes .
3650 .
On average , a person with a master ’s degree in industrial - organizational psychology will earn over $ 80,000 a year , while someone with a doctorate will earn over $ 110,000 a year ( Khanna , Medsker , & Ginter , 2012 ) .
To physically limit radiation doses , we use shielding , increase the distance from a source , and limit the time of exposure .
Even though corporate bonds pay a higher interest rate , because firms are riskier borrowers than the federal government , the rates tend to rise and fall together .
The income effect is that a higher price means , in effect , the buying power of income has been reduced ( even though actual income has not changed ) , which leads to buying less of the good ( when the good is normal ) .
Electrons and ions in insulators are bound in the structure and can not move easily — as much as 10231023 size 12 { " 10 " rSup { size 8 { " 23 " } } } { } times more slowly than in conductors . 2942 .
Transmission of a signal within a neuron ( from dendrite to axon terminal ) is carried by a brief reversal of the resting membrane potential called an action potential .
An Employment Cost Index measures wage inflation in the labor market .
Formal sanctions , on the other hand , are ways to officially recognize and enforce norm violations .
U.S. producers obtain a higher price so they sell a larger quantity of sugar .
5099 .
In Obergefell v. Hodges ( 2015 ) , the Supreme Court case that legalized same - sex marriage nationwide , numerous interest groups filed amicus briefs .
We can look at free trade agreements such as the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) as an example of how a core nation is able to leverage its power to gain the most advantageous position in the matter of global trade .
Although they initially met with little Spanish resistance , by early July , fierce battles ensued near the Spanish stronghold in Santiago .
6179 .
The term linkage was used before the discovery of DNA .
Vertebrates have similar structures , with a few differences .
2807 .
Within his White House , Roosevelt had a number of African American appointees , although most were in minor positions .
Since isolated north and south magnetic poles , called magnetic monopoles , are not observed , currents are used to explain all magnetic effects .
Members of the upper and middle classes have more cultural capital than do families of lower - class status .
A fifth type of mechanoreceptor , Krause end bulbs , are found only in specialized regions .
A good model to start with in economics is the circular flow diagram , which is shown in [ link ] .
Although mRNA analysis is a step in the right direction , not all mRNAs are translated into proteins .
5045 .
If we call the horizontal axis the xx size 12{x } { } - axis and the vertical axis the y y size 12 { y } { } - axis , as in [ link ] , a straight - line graph has the general form y = m x + b .
Water is also reabsorbed during this step .
6184 .
Some mutations are not expressed ; these are known as silent mutations .
By now you might be saying , “ Hey , this PPF is sounding like the budget constraint . ”
Amyloplasts are found in shoots and in specialized cells of the root cap .
An array of electrodes is placed around a person ’s head ( [ link ] ) .
Workman ’s compensation insurance : Employers are required by law to pay a small percentage of the salaries that they pay into funds , typically run at the state level , that are used to pay benefits to workers who suffer an injury on the job .
46 .
France authorized Genêt to issue letters of marque — documents authorizing ships and their crews to engage in piracy — to allow him to arm captured British ships in American ports with U.S. soldiers .
These two hormones are released by the female and male reproductive organs , respectively .
2229 .
With freedoms can come conflict , and there has been much of that in these fledgling countries as opposition coalitions debate how the future course should be charted , and by whom .
55 .
945 .
Firms that appear to be riskier borrowers , perhaps because they are still growing or their businesses appear shaky , will pay the highest interest rates when they issue bonds .
3717 .
1979 .
Another main parameter that is important in characterizing energy flow within an ecosystem is the net production efficiency .
2614 .
These genes that determine animal structure are called “ homeotic genes , ” and they contain DNA sequences called homeoboxes .
The issue of net neutrality , the principle that all Internet data should be treated equally by Internet service providers , is part of the national debate about Internet access and the digital divide .
Interaural timing difference refers to the small difference in the time at which a given sound wave arrives at each ear ( [ link ] ) .
1384 .
Today we have the advantage of knowing that normal matter is made of atoms , and that atoms contain positive and negative charges , usually in equal amounts .
In all autotrophic eukaryotes , photosynthesis takes place inside an organelle called a chloroplast .
2118 .
That lull ended in the early 1970s when the Federal Election Campaign Act was passed .
A foodborne disease ( colloquially called “ food poisoning ” ) is an illness resulting from the consumption the pathogenic bacteria , viruses , or other parasites that contaminate food .
7054 .
Supporting this is the fact that very distant galaxies are more likely to have abnormally energetic cores .
The Mexican army marched to the town , and Edwards and his troop then declared the formation of the Republic of Fredonia between the Sabine and Rio Grande Rivers .
While running for the presidency for the first time in 1992 , Bill Clinton frequently touted the experience and capabilities of his wife .
The outermost layer is the dura mater ( Latin for “ hard mother ” ) .
Paleontology , another branch of biology , uses fossils to study life ’s history ( [ link ] ) .
Emotions are often thought to be consciously experienced and intentional .
Early in his second term , Roosevelt read muckraker Upton Sinclair ’s 1905 novel and exposé on the meatpacking industry , The Jungle .
In many cases , it is reasonable to refer to the opportunity cost as the price .
Moses Austin , a once - prosperous entrepreneur reduced to poverty by the Panic of 1819 , requested permission to settle three hundred English - speaking American residents in Texas .
Order Primates is divided into two groups : prosimians and anthropoids .
It is also important to note that every society also has nonbelievers , such as atheists , who do not believe in a divine being or entity , and agnostics , who hold that ultimate reality ( such as God ) is unknowable .
When some , like Paul , began hunger strikes to call attention to their cause , their jailers force - fed them , an incredibly painful and invasive experience for the women .
These labia protect the openings to the vagina and urethra .
During the egg 's journey from the ovary through the fallopian tubes , to the uterus , a sperm may fertilize an egg . The egg and the sperm each contain 23 chromosomes .
In fact , if wages and prices were so sticky that they did not fall at all , the aggregate supply curve would be completely flat below potential GDP , as shown in [ link ] .
For example , the right to bear arms for protection ( Second Amendment ) , the right not to have to provide shelter and provision for soldiers in peacetime ( Third Amendment ) , the right to a trial by jury ( Sixth and Seventh Amendments ) , and protection from excessive fines and from cruel and unusual punishment ( Eighth Amendment ) are taken from the English Bill of Rights .
3270 .
This is called pseudostratified , columnar epithelia .
It does not suggest that psychoanalytic , behaviorist , and other points of view are incorrect but argues that these perspectives do not recognize the depth and meaning of human experience , and fail to recognize the innate capacity for self - directed change and transforming personal experiences .
Average speed , however , is very different from average velocity .
Outsiders Donald Trump on the Republican side and Senator Bernie Sanders on the Democratic side had much success despite significant concerns about them from party elites .
Some of the most common sources for this bacterium were non - acidic canned foods , homemade pickles , and processed meat and sausages .
Most of the ATP generated during glucose catabolism , however , is derived from a much more complex process , chemiosmosis , which takes place in mitochondria ( [ link ] ) within a eukaryotic cell or the plasma membrane of a prokaryotic cell .
The FOMC is made up of the seven members of the Federal Reserve ’s Board of Governors .
People often disparage “ keeping up with the Joneses ” — the idea that you must keep up with the neighbors ’ standard of living to not feel deprived .
The centrosome is duplicated during the S phase .
These men were the leaders of political machines , organizations that secured votes for the party ’s candidates or supported the party in other ways .
768 .
But the cell membrane is semipermeable , meaning that some ions may cross it while others can not .
To protect against bank runs , Congress has put two strategies into place : deposit insurance and the lender of last resort .
In May 1775 , delegates met again in the Second Continental Congress .
This appraisal mediates between the stimulus and the emotional response , and it is immediate and often unconscious .
Protein digestion is mediated by an enzyme called pepsin in the stomach chamber .
These changes might be in the level of glucose or calcium in blood or in external temperatures .
It ranges from threats and verbal abuse to physical assaults and even homicide ( Occupational Safety & Health Administration , 2014 ) .
Conversely , a decline in the price of a key input like oil will shift the SRAS curve to the right , providing an incentive for more to be produced at every given price level for outputs .
The gametophyte phase is dominant in these plants .
Obedience is the change of an individual ’s behavior to comply with a demand by an authority figure .
Reverse osmosis and reverse dialysis ( also called filtration ) are processes that occur when back pressure is sufficient to reverse the normal direction of substances through membranes .
For plants , chloroplast - containing cells exist in the mesophyll .
Socialism is an economic system in which there is government ownership ( often referred to as “ state run ” ) of goods and their production , with an impetus to share work and wealth equally among the members of a society .
In particular , the concept of “ contemporary community standards ” raises the possibility that obscenity varies from place to place ; many people in New York or San Francisco might not bat an eye at something people in Memphis or Salt Lake City would consider offensive .
6188 .
In this textbook , the fundamental physical quantities are taken to be length , mass , time , and electric current .
As we learned in the previous section , stress — especially if it is chronic — takes a toll on our bodies and can have enormously negative health implications .
On the other hand , trustees believe they were elected to exercise their own judgment and know best because they have the time and expertise to study and understand an issue .
5065 .
For most people , once they have eaten , they feel satiation , or fullness and satisfaction , and their eating behavior stops .
5679 .
Impeachment is the act of charging a government official with serious wrongdoing ; the Constitution calls this wrongdoing high crimes and misdemeanors .
Interestingly , the sense of smell projects directly to the limbic system ; therefore , not surprisingly , smell can evoke emotional responses in ways that other sensory modalities can not .
In a speech delivered at the Cotton States and International Exposition in Atlanta in 1895 , which was meant to promote the economy of a “ New South , ” Washington proposed what came to be known as the Atlanta Compromise ( [ link ] ) .
In what became known as the Compromise of 1877 , Republican Senate leaders worked with the Democratic leadership so they would support Hayes and the commission ’s decision .
Wilson ’s greatest fight was with the Senate , where most Republicans opposed the treaty due to the clauses surrounding the creation of the League of Nations .
Digestion and AbsorptionDigestion is the mechanical and chemical break down of food into small organic fragments .
The region that a particular transcription factor binds to is called the transcription factor binding site .
This carbon backbone is formed by chains and/or rings of carbon atoms with the occasional substitution of an element such as nitrogen or oxygen .
While ostensibly based on meritocracy , bureaucracies can perpetuate the existing balance of power by only recognizing the merit in traditionally male and privileged paths .
Psychologist Tulving ( 2002 ) and his colleagues at the University of Toronto studied K. C. for years .
5393 . ethnocentrism , or evaluating and judging another culture based on how it compares to one ’s own cultural norms .
Contemporary psychology is a diverse field that is influenced by all of the historical perspectives described in the preceding section .
One of the consequences of viscosity is a resistance force called viscous drag
Second , Congress imposed several conditions for readmitting former Confederate states into the Union ; among them was ratification of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Amendments .
It must demonstrate both that it had a “ compelling governmental interest ” in limiting that practice and that the restriction was “ narrowly tailored . ”
5196 .
These transporters assist in the facilitated diffusion of glucose . Glycolysis begins with the six carbon ring - shaped structure of a single glucose molecule and ends with two molecules of a three - carbon sugar called pyruvate .
At the energy of GUTs , the carrier particles of the weak force would become massless and identical to gluons .
Gravitational force on a large scale dominates interactions between large objects because it is always attractive , while Coulomb forces tend to cancel .
5689 .
1249 .
Without government regulation , a factory owner can feel free to pollute the air or water , since he or she will have no responsibility for the pollution once the winds or waves carry it somewhere else ( see [ link ] ) .
One of Adams ’s appointees , William Marbury , had been selected to be a justice of the peace in the District of Columbia , and when his commission did not arrive , he petitioned the Supreme Court for an explanation from Jefferson ’s secretary of state , James Madison .
By this time , the second party system had taken hold , a system whereby the older Federalist and Democratic - Republican Parties had been replaced by the new Democratic and Whig Parties .
4835 .
This model is often called the “ web of life . ” In an effort to save the tree analogy , some have proposed using the Ficus tree ( [ link]b ) with its multiple trunks as a phylogenetic to represent a diminished evolutionary role for HGT.In the ( a ) phylogenetic model proposed by W. Ford Doolittle , the “ tree of life ” arose from a community of ancestral cells , has multiple trunks , and has connections between branches where horizontal gene transfer has occurred .
A group that we do n’t belong to , or an out - group , is a group that we view as fundamentally different from us .
For example , during the Civil War , President Abraham Lincoln detained suspected Confederate saboteurs and sympathizers in Union - controlled states and attempted to have them tried in military courts , leading the Supreme Court to rule in Ex parte Milligan that the government could not bypass the civilian court system in states where it was operating .
Northern representatives supported the Tallmadge Amendment , denouncing slavery as immoral and opposed to the nation ’s founding principles of equality and liberty .
The terminal buttons contain synaptic vesicles that house neurotransmitters , the chemical messengers of the nervous system .
If José had unlimited income or goods were free , then he could consume without limit .
In his book , The Power Elite , Mills argued that government was controlled by a combination of business , military , and political elites .
5008 .
When the hearing problem is associated with a failure to transmit neural signals from the cochlea to the brain , it is called sensorineural hearing loss .
3685 .
These members of Congress , known as Radical Republicans , wanted to remake the South and punish the rebels .
Piaget ’s second stage is the preoperational stage , which is from approximately 2 to 7 years old .
Sometimes economists use the term model instead of theory .
1606 .
1450 .
The poorest , most undeveloped countries were referred to as the third world and included most of sub - Saharan Africa , Latin America , and Asia .
3679 .
7051 .
Note that all Gram - positive bacteria belong to one phylum ; bacteria in the other phyla ( Proteobacteria , Chlamydias , Spirochetes , Cyanobacteria , and others ) are Gram - negative .
Movements on the left have also arisen .
The body is represented by a single isolated point ( or free body ) , and only those forces acting on the body from the outside ( external forces ) are shown .
The GH mediated increase in blood glucose levels is called a diabetogenic effect because it is similar to the high blood glucose levels seen in diabetes mellitus .
See [ link ] ( b ) .
Another aspect of positive aging is believed to be social connectedness and social support .
The parts of society that Spencer referred to were the social institutions , or patterns of beliefs and behaviors focused on meeting social needs , such as government , education , family , healthcare , religion , and the economy .
The hippocampus is an essential structure for learning and memory .
The second part is called the loop of Henle , or nephritic loop , because it forms a loop ( with descending and ascending limbs ) that goes through the renal medulla .
In March 1947 , Great Britain announced that it could no longer afford the cost of supporting government military activities and withdrew from participation in the Greek civil war .
2987 .
A diagram showing the system of interest and all of the external forces is called a free - body diagram .
The family Hominidae of order Primates includes the hominoids : the great apes ( [ link ] ) .
Bacteriophages are viruses that infect bacteria ( [ link ] ) .
" >
However , cutting wages will alienate the insiders and damage the firm ’s productivity and prospects . Finally , the relative wage coordination argument points out that even if most workers were hypothetically willing to see a decline in their own wages in bad economic times as long as everyone else also experiences such a decline , there is no obvious way for a decentralized economy to implement such a plan .
In effect , these resolutions articulated the legal reasoning underpinning the doctrine of nullification — that states had the right to reject national laws they deemed unconstitutional .
In 2010 , the Supreme Court ’s ruling on Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission led to the removal of spending limits on corporations .
Again , smaller firms would have higher average costs and be unable to compete , while additional large firms would produce such a high quantity that they would not be able to sell it at a profitable price .
Critics of industrialization blamed it for the increased concentration of wealth in the hands of the few : the factory owners made vast profits while the workers received only a small fraction of the revenue from what they produced .
The production of ATP using the process of chemiosmosis is called oxidative phosphorylation because of the involvement of oxygen in the process .
The EPA estimated that “ in 2010 the benefits of Clean Air Act programs will total about $ 110 billion .
Vision is the ability to detect light patterns from the outside environment and interpret them into images .
4180 .
His victory was the result of a combination of dissatisfaction with the presidential leadership of Gerald Ford and Jimmy Carter in the 1970s and the growth of the New Right .
With sufficiently large samples , random assignment makes it unlikely that there are systematic differences between the groups .
Now that we have a sample , the next step of the experimental process is to split the participants into experimental and control groups through random assignment .
These two - way exchanges between the Americas and Europe / Africa are known collectively as the Columbian Exchange ( [ link ] ) .
In early societies , the elderly were respected and revered .
Partial pressure is a measure of the concentration of the individual components in a mixture of gases .
7027 .
Anxiety disorders include obsessive compulsive disorder ( OCD ) , panic disorders , posttraumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) , and both social and specific phobias .
1112 .
Losses are the black thundercloud that causes businesses to flee .
Conception occurs when sperm fertilizes an egg and forms a zygote ( [ link ] ) .
While language is a form of communication , not all communication is language .
With age comes the loss of the flexibility of the lens , and a form of farsightedness called presbyopia results .
2438 .
5330 .
One difficulty with government price regulation is what economists call regulatory capture , in which the firms supposedly being regulated end up playing a large role in setting the regulations that they will follow .
Cornucopian theory scoffs at the idea of humans wiping themselves out ; it asserts that human ingenuity can resolve any environmental or social issues that develop .
( Note that different genotypic abbreviations are used for Mendelian extensions to distinguish these patterns from simple dominance and recessiveness . )
98 .
1497 .
A virion consists of a nucleic acid core , an outer protein coating or capsid , and sometimes an outer envelope made of protein and phospholipid membranes derived from the host cell .
Crustaceans possess two pairs of antennae , mandibles as mouthparts , and biramous ( “ two branched ” ) appendages , which means that their legs are formed in two parts , as distinct from the uniramous ( “ one branched ” ) myriapods and hexapods ( [ link ] ) .
385 .
Because the commissioner was a public figure , the U.S. Supreme Court applied a stringent test of malice to determine whether the advertisement was libel ; the court deemed it was not .
Action at a distance , such as the gravitational force of Earth on the Moon , is explained by the existence of a force field rather than by “ physical contact . ”
The shape of the eye is maintained by fluid pressure , called intraocular pressure , which is normally in the range of 12.0 to 24.0 mm Hg .
In scientific terms , the evolutionary history and relationship of an organism or group of organisms is called its phylogeny .
Proteins that are needed for a specific function , or that are involved in the same biochemical pathway , are encoded together in blocks called operons .
Unlike nearly all living organisms that use DNA as their genetic material , viruses may use either DNA or RNA as theirs .
The resultant looks like a wave standing in place and , thus , is called a standing wave .
The substitution effect tells how Petunia would have changed her hours of work if her wage had risen , so that income was relatively cheaper to earn and leisure was relatively more expensive , but if she had remained at the same level of utility .
For example , you could draw a bar graph that showed the share of income going to each fifth of the income distribution .
5413 .
Together , the flagella contribute to the characteristic spinning motion of dinoflagellates .
259 .
Our natural world also utilizes the principle of form following function , especially in cell biology , and this will become clear as we explore eukaryotic cells ( [ link ] ) .
Paracrine signals move by diffusion through the extracellular matrix .
2619 .
7047 .
1128 .
2888 .
1097 .
5096 .
4964 .
NOW promoted workplace equality , including equal pay for women , and also called for the greater presence of women in public office , the professions , and graduate and professional degree programs .
We therefore define gauge pressure to be the pressure relative to atmospheric pressure .
Smooth muscle has no striations , is not under voluntary control , has only one nucleus per cell , is tapered at both ends , and is called involuntary muscle .
( This is not the same type of polarization as that discussed for the separation of charges . )
4876 .
The head - to - tail method of adding vectors involves drawing the first vector on a graph and then placing the tail of each subsequent vector at the head of the previous vector .
22 July 2011 . “ Obama Certifies End of Military ’s Gay Ban , ” http://www.nbcnews.com/id/43859711/ns/us_news-life/#.VrAzFlLxh-U .
These plans are tax deferred , and they are portable so that if the individual takes a job with a different employer , their 401(k ) comes with them .
For example , think about how you feel when you have to stand up and give a presentation in front of a roomful of people , or right before taking a big test .
4814 .
2587 .
The following year , members of AIM and some two hundred Oglala Lakota supporters occupied the town of Wounded Knee on the Lakota tribe ’s Pine Ridge Reservation in South Dakota , the site of an 1890 massacre of Lakota men , women , and children by the U.S. Army ( [ link ] ) .
Instead , they just watch what is happening .
A collision in which the objects stick together is sometimes called a perfectly inelastic collision because it reduces internal kinetic energy more than does any other type of inelastic collision .
In cortical nephrons , the peritubular capillary network surrounds the PCT and DCT .
In organizational psychology , the focus is on social interactions and their effect on the individual and on the functioning of the organization .
Joint committee members are appointed from both the House and the Senate , and are charged with exploring a few key issues , such as the economy and taxation .
In 2010 , Proposition 19 , which would have legalized and taxed marijuana in California , met with a new version of the Bradley effect .
1090 .
The World Trade Organization ( WTO ) was officially born in 1995 , but its history is much longer .
How can banks protect themselves against an unexpectedly high rate of loan defaults and against the risk of an asset - liability time mismatch ?
Alexander Hamilton , writing as Publius in Federalist No .
Lawrence was involved in many early discoveries and in the promotion of physics programs in American universities .
6751 .
These TV channels are called VHF ( for very high frequency ) .
88 .
Conditioning theories of panic disorder propose that panic attacks are classical conditioning responses to subtle bodily sensations resembling those normally occurring when one is anxious or frightened ( Bouton , Mineka , & Barlow , 2001 ) .
Fusion of the male and females gametes forms the diploid zygote , which develops into the sporophyte .
The detection of what is now called the cosmic microwave background ( CMBR ) was so important ( generally considered as important as Hubble ’s detection that the galactic red shift is proportional to distance ) that virtually every scientist has accepted the expansion of the universe as fact .
The word ray comes from mathematics and here means a straight line that originates at some point .
Some type of control exists at each stage of glucose metabolism .
The pancreas is an internal organ that secretes hormones that regulate blood sugar levels : insulin and glucagon .
The sum of consumer surplus and producer surplus is social surplus , also referred to as economic surplus or total surplus .
The molality of a solution is the number of moles of solute per kilogram of solvent .
The primary structure of a purine is two carbon - nitrogen rings .
4734 .
In the post - millennial United States , those of us who have never experienced such a disadvantage take for granted the rights our society guarantees for each citizen .
1677 .
There might be additional sections depending on the type of paper and the journal where it will be published ; for example , some review papers require an outline .
85 .
The image is on the same side of the lens as the object and is farther away from the lens than the object .
Together , all three are known as the pericarp .
6346 .
To expand our concept of rotational inertia , we define the moment of inertia
One popular hypothesis of sleep incorporates the perspective of evolutionary psychology .
Goods and services are produced using combinations of labor , materials , and machinery , or what we call inputs or factors of production .
Yet the two men failed to work well together during Adams ’s administration , much of which Jefferson spent at his Virginia residence at Monticello .
Forgetting refers to loss of information from long - term memory .
Schizophrenia is a devastating psychological disorder that is characterized by major disturbances in thought , perception , emotion , and behavior .
Physical development involves growth and changes in the body and brain , the senses , motor skills , and health and wellness .
This notion is based on the work of West and Zimmerman ( 1987 ) .
However , during the G1 stage , the cell is quite active at the biochemical level .
The time before the Cambrian period is known as the Ediacaran period ( from about 635 million years ago to 543 million years ago ) , the final period of the late Proterozoic Neoproterozoic Era ( [ link ] ) .
The opportunity cost of unemployment is the output that could have been produced by the unemployed workers .
The major distinction is that gases are easily compressed , whereas liquids are not .
They needed money to purchase this land , however .
This process typically begins with an observation and question that the scientist will research .
A society ’s political structure and practices provide insight into the distribution of power and wealth , as well as larger philosophical and cultural beliefs . 5808 .
Integral calculus is needed to sum the field for an arbitrary shape current .
5093 .
6113 .
Today , the heads of the fifteen executive departments serve as the president ’s advisers.https://www.justice.gov/about ( May 1 , 2016 ) .
However , such successes were short - lived and had little impact on the lives of everyday farmers .
For example , the Human Rights Campaign , shown demonstrating in [ link ] , filed a brief arguing that the Fourteenth Amendment ’s due process and equal protection clauses required that same - sex couples be afforded the same rights to marry as opposite - sex couples .
3061 .
These are called weakly interacting massive particles , or WIMPs , and would also be chargeless , thus interacting negligibly with normal matter , except through gravitation .
1396 .
This means that a large percentage of plant biomass which exists underground is not included in this measurement .
Although displacement is described in terms of direction , distance is not .
According to Gestalt theorists , pattern perception , or our ability to discriminate among different figures and shapes , occurs by following the principles described above .
6326 .
The Macroeconomic Perspective explained how to measure GDP , the challenges of using GDP to compare standards of living , and the difficulty of confusing economic size with distribution .
To address this concern , Congress passed and President Clinton signed the Defense of Marriage Act ( DOMA ) in 1996 .
In the 1500s , Spain surpassed Portugal as the dominant European power .
Somewhere between 80 and 90 percent of all plant species have mycorrhizal partners .
With a private good like pizza , if Max is eating the pizza then Michelle can not also eat it ; that is , the two people are rivals in consumption . 4616 .
How do you get that information back out of storage when you need it ?
It was an interesting circumstance at the time , particularly because Jefferson and the man who would decide the case — John Marshall — were themselves political rivals .
Known as Puritans , they worked to erase all vestiges of Catholicism from the Church of England .
Sepals and petals together form the perianth .
Leaves that do not have a petiole and are directly attached to the plant stem are called sessile leaves .
Another theory in the conflict perspective is age stratification theory ( Riley , Johnson , and Foner 1972 ) .
They often are captured on video and shared on the Internet ; frequently they go viral .
Developed by researchers at the University of Chicago in the 1920s and 1930s , social disorganization theory asserts that crime is most likely to occur in communities with weak social ties and the absence of social control .
3516 .
2102 .
Gender refers to behaviors , personal traits , and social positions that society attributes to being female or male .
Tetrapod literally means “ four - footed , ” which refers to the phylogenetic history of various groups that evolved accordingly , even though some now possess fewer than two pairs of walking appendages .
Accounting profit is a cash concept .
Another useful way to view the budget deficit is through the prism of accumulated debt rather than annual deficits .
The Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission
Democritus called this the atom .
Bob Woodward , “ How Mark Felt Became ‘ Deep Throat , ’ ” The Washington Post , 20 June 2005 .
The term became part of the common lexicon in 1996 , when then Vice President Al Gore used it in a speech .
After the Civil War , the use of the filibuster became even more common .
In the 1961 Supreme Court case Mapp v. Ohio , the court decided that evidence obtained without a warrant that did n’t fall under one of the exceptions mentioned above could not be used as evidence in a state criminal trial , giving rise to the broad application of what is known as the exclusionary rule , which was first established in 1914 on a federal level in Weeks v. United States .
The sarcolemma is the site of action potential conduction , which triggers muscle contraction .
You might be wondering if psychology research can tell you how to succeed in a job interview .
2773 .
7033 .
The dermal tissue of the stem consists primarily of epidermis , a single layer of cells covering and protecting the underlying tissue .
There is an International Price Index based on the prices of merchandise that is exported or imported .
The APA is a professional organization representing psychologists in the United States .
When a sperm and egg fuse , their 23 chromosomes pair up and create a zygote with 23 pairs of chromosomes .
Prices are the messengers in a market economy , conveying information about conditions of demand and supply .
There is an element of idealism in liberal internationalism , because the United States assumes other countries will also put their best foot forward .
1258 .
3878 .
The world ’s great economic success stories in the last few decades began in the 1970s with that group of nations sometimes known as the East Asian Tigers : South Korea , Thailand , Malaysia , Indonesia , and Singapore .
Contested illnesses are those that are questioned or questionable by some medical professionals .
One way to remember this is to think of the surprise a person feels when encountering a snake ( “ snake ” and “ sympathetic ” both begin with “ s ” ) .
Finally , once the bill is passed it takes some time for the funds to be dispersed to the appropriate agencies to implement the programs .
2447 .
A healthy democratic society is expected to be filled with citizens who vote regularly and participate in the electoral process .
In the Lake Ontario food chain shown in [ link ] , the Chinook salmon is the apex consumer at the top of this food chain .
Mexico also recognized the Rio Grande as the border with the United States .
Consistent with these beliefs , he used his business to object to a provision of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ( ACA or Obamacare ) requiring employer - backed insurance plans to include no - charge access to the morning - after pill , a form of emergency contraception , arguing that this requirement infringed on his conscience .
3328 .
They act by preventing aggregation of polypeptides that make up the complete protein structure , and they disassociate from the protein once the target protein is folded .
There are two types of work conducted during respiration , flow - resistive and elastic work .
For example , friction slows a hockey puck sliding on ice .
This belief is called the elite theory of government .
502 .
Typically , a venture capital fund invests in a number of firms , and then investors in that fund receive returns according to how the fund as a whole performs . The amount of money invested in venture capital fluctuates substantially from year to year : as one example , venture capital firms invested more than $ 48.3 billion in 2014 , according to the National Venture Capital Association .
This sequence is essential and is involved in binding transcription factors .
A plasma cell is an immune cell that secrets antibodies ; these cells arise from B cells that were stimulated by antigens .
Since light moves in straight lines , changing directions when it interacts with materials , it is described by geometry and simple trigonometry .
6802 .
5782 .
Within twenty years , the Comstock Lode , as it was called , yielded more than $ 300 million in shafts that reached hundreds of feet into the mountain .
First , unlike sales tax , the collection of which is spaced out in small increments across multiple transactions , property tax is collected in one or two lump sums and is therefore highly visible and unpopular .
3958 .
2598 .
Organisms are able to maintain internal conditions within a narrow range almost constantly , despite environmental changes , through homeostasis ( literally , “ steady state ” ) — the ability of an organism to maintain constant internal conditions .
The bill ’s opponents ’ claims ranged from the charge that the changes were unconstitutional and would add $ 750 billion to the deficit , to extreme claims about the inclusion of things like the implantation of microchips and so - called “ death panels ” that decide which critically - ill patients receive care and which do not .
In a closed loop , whatever energy is supplied by emf must be transferred into other forms by devices in the loop , since there are no other ways in which energy can be transferred into or out of the circuit .
Parents set rules and explain the reasons behind them .
6529 .
2899 .
GTP provides the energy to start the reaction by giving up a phosphate and becoming guanosine diphosphate ( GDP ) .
2555 .
1662 .
This rule , known as the consumer equilibrium , can be written in algebraic form :
Intraspecific competition for resources may not affect populations that are well below their carrying capacity — resources are plentiful and all individuals can obtain what they need .
The continuity of life from one cell to another has its foundation in the reproduction of cells by way of the cell cycle .
7029 .
In most cases , electors cast their ballots for the candidate who won the majority of votes in their state .
This goal , which must be reached before commercial plants can be a reality , has not been achieved .
4665 .
Despite the great variety in Klan membership , on the whole , the group tended to direct its attention toward persecuting freed people and people they considered carpetbaggers , a term of abuse applied to northerners accused of having come to the South to acquire wealth through political power at the expense of southerners .
Physicians were considered authorities on all issues related to sex , despite the fact that they had little to no training in these issues , and it is likely that most of what people knew about sex had been learned either through their own experiences or by talking with their peers .
Exploring the systematic behavior of their interactions has revealed even more about matter , forces , and energy .
106 .
Their story includes the signing of the Mayflower Compact , a written agreement whereby the English voluntarily agreed to help each other .
A nucleus that spontaneously destroys part of its mass to emit radiation is said to decay ( a term also used to describe the emission of radiation by atoms in excited states ) .
The structure of peptide hormones is that of a polypeptide chain ( chain of amino acids ) .
To avoid rotation , we consider only the scattering of point masses — that is , structureless particles that can not rotate or spin .
Indian Gaming : Tribal Sovereignty and American Politics .
2885 .
According to conflict theorists , capitalism and the pursuit of profit lead to the commodification of health : the changing of something not generally thought of as a commodity into something that can be bought and sold in a marketplace .
Other drugs , including the opioid buprenorphine , have also been used to alleviate symptoms of opiate withdrawal .
The study of electrostatics has proven useful in many areas .
5711 .
Another humanistic theorist was Carl Rogers .
A democracy is a government in which political power — influence over institutions , leaders , and policies — rests in the hands of the people .
Two types of helper molecules are cofactors and coenzymes .
Elasticity is an economics concept that measures responsiveness of one variable to changes in another variable .
U.S. unemployment rates soared higher than 20 % from 1933 to 1935 , but the number of possible workers had not increased or decreased much . 4920 .
Most species of phylum Nemertea are marine , predominantly benthic or bottom dwellers , with an estimated 900 species known .
As shown in [ link ] , a stack of thylakoids is called a granum , and the liquid - filled space surrounding the granum is called stroma or “ bed ” ( not to be confused with stoma or “ mouth , ” an opening on the leaf epidermis ) .
290 .
Each organism in a food chain occupies what is called a trophic level .
The 2014 court decision not to hear a collection of cases from four different states essentially affirmed same - sex marriage in thirty states .
6538 .
876 .
4521 .
3667 .
Section SummaryNewton ’s third law of motion represents a basic symmetry in nature .
434 .
The initial split was into synapsids and sauropsids .
( Exactly how a situation of zero income and negative savings would work in practice is not important , because even low - income societies are not literally at zero income , so the point is hypothetical . )
4 September 2013 . “ Among Recent High School Grads , Hispanic College Enrollment Rates Surpasses That of Whites , ” http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2013/09/04/hispanic-college-enrollment-rate-surpasses-whites-for-the-first-time/ .
A group of firms that have a formal agreement to collude to produce the monopoly output and sell at the monopoly price is called a cartel .
Here soldiers shovel snow from the roof of the Absolut Care senior center in Orchard Park , New York .
The addition of foreign DNA in the form of recombinant DNA vectors generated by molecular cloning is the most common method of genetic engineering .
The clade Petromyzontidae includes approximately 35 – 40 or more species of lampreys .
4531 .
The amnion protects the embryo from mechanical shock and supports hydration .
Biological nitrogen fixation ( BNF ) is exclusively carried out by prokaryotes : soil bacteria , cyanobacteria , and Frankia spp .
Near Mecca , Saudi Arabia , a prophet named Muhammad received a revelation that became a cornerstone of the Islamic faith .
However , according to the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities , in 2015 the estate tax applied only to those leaving inheritances of more than $ 5.43 million and thus applies to only a tiny percentage of those with high levels of wealth .
2343 .
Attachment is a long - standing connection or bond with others .
Thus , the Cannon - Bard theory of emotion was developed .
The equations that describe these reactions contain a unidirectional arrow and are irreversible .
1934 .
Zoology and botany are the study of animals and plants , respectively .
When the bank ’s charter expired in 1811 , Jeffersonian Democratic - Republicans prevailed in blocking its renewal .
The court struck down key pillars of the New Deal — the National Industrial Recovery Act and the Agricultural Adjustment Act , for example — on the grounds that the federal government was operating in matters that were within the purview of the states .
Water contains hydrogen and oxygen , which is essential to all living processes .
Led by John Calhoun , President Jackson ’s vice president , nullifiers argued that high tariffs on imported goods benefited northern manufacturing interests while disadvantaging economies in the South .
1033 .
4635 .
The Federalists supported it .
And even on the present - day court , Anthony Kennedy , a Reagan appointee , has become notorious as the Court ’s swing vote , sometimes siding with the more conservative justices but sometimes not .
5128 .
That is , according to Lowi , the costs are concentrated and so are the benefits , but different groups bear the costs and enjoy the benefits .
4968 .
5488 .
When cases arise to clarify particular issues and procedures , the Supreme Court decides whether state laws violate the Bill of Rights and are therefore unconstitutional .
Group VII viruses have partial dsDNA genomes and make ssRNA intermediates that act as mRNA , but are also converted back into dsDNA genomes by reverse transcriptase , necessary for genome replication .
Human males have a BMR of 1600 to 1800 kcal / day , and human females have a BMR of 1300 to 1500 kcal / day .
This type of research approach is known as archival research .
6635 .
Its goal was to unite gay men who otherwise lived in secrecy and to fight against abuse .
The concentric tissue around the mouth of the capsule is made of triangular , close - fitting units , a little like “ teeth ” ; these open and close depending on moisture levels , and periodically release spores .
Therefore , the terms sex and gender are not interchangeable .
An ecosystem consists of all the living things in a particular area together with the abiotic , non - living parts of that environment such as nitrogen in the soil or rain water .
He entered the White House a “ cold warrior ” and referred to the Soviet Union in a 1983 speech as an “ evil empire . ”
Michael A. Fletcher and Charles Babington . “ Miers , Under Fire From Right , Withdrawn as Court Nominee . ” Washington Post .
Angular movements are produced when the angle between the bones of a joint changes .
3092 .
These regions , called enhancers , are not necessarily close to the genes they enhance .
2330 .
Schools whose students performed poorly on the tests would be labeled “ in need of improvement . ”
In the early days of the republic , Congress ’s role was rarely if ever disputed .
Barcoding is a technique in which one or more short gene sequences , taken from a well - characterized portion of the genome , are used to identify a species through DNA analysis .
It describes the ways that people come to understand societal norms and expectations , to accept society ’s beliefs , and to be aware of societal values .
Similarly , a natural monopoly will arise when the quantity demanded in a market is only large enough for a single firm to operate at the minimum of the long - run average cost curve .
2090 .
Diseconomies of scale can also be present across an entire firm , not just a large factory .
1109 .
967 .
For example , the study of island biogeography attempts to explain the relatively high species richness found in certain isolated island chains , including the Galápagos Islands that inspired the young Darwin .
The slit - like mouth opening and pharynx are lined by a groove called a siphonophore .
This is due to the oblique angle of the cleavage .
The thylakoid membrane encloses an internal space called the thylakoid lumen .
The Fifth Amendment also protects individuals against double jeopardy , a process that subjects a suspect to prosecution twice for the same criminal act .
6314 .
“ Obscenity , ” Legal Information Institute at Cornell University , https://www.law.cornell.edu / wex / obscenity ( November 29 , 2015 ) .
A cultural display rule is one of a collection of culturally specific standards that govern the types and frequencies of displays of emotions that are acceptable ( Malatesta & Haviland , 1982 ) .
Joining interest groups can help facilitate civic engagement , which allows people to feel more connected to the political and social community .
People with persistent depressive disorder ( previously known as dysthymia ) experience depressed moods most of the day nearly every day for at least two years , as well as at least two of the other symptoms of major depressive disorder .
6725 .
In applied science , the problem is usually defined for the researcher .
Collenchyma cells are elongated cells with unevenly thickened walls ( [ link ] ) .
Such light is said to be unpolarized because it is composed of many waves with all possible directions of polarization .
The orbit of the planet Pluto , for example , may be chaotic in that it can change tremendously due to small interactions with other planets .
However , in 1928 , Senator Hiram Johnson and Representative Phil Swing , both Republicans from California , won the day .
4927 .
President Andrew Jackson is reported to have said , “ John Marshall has made his decision , now let him enforce it , ” and the Court ’s ruling was basically ignored .
At the other extreme of the budget constraint line , an individual would work zero hours , earn zero income , but enjoy 2,500 hours of leisure .
Some of the meters in automobile dashboards , digital cameras , cell phones , and tuner - amplifiers are voltmeters or ammeters .
Knowing that power is the rate of energy use or energy conversion , what is the expression for electric power ?
Nixon laid out his finances , investments , and debts and ended by saying that the only election gift the family had received was a cocker spaniel the children named Checkers .
1187 .
The first advance came with the introduction of the “ one - person - one - vote ” principle by the U.S. Supreme Court in 1962 .
4099 .
Multiple fruit develops from an inflorescence or a cluster of flowers .
3773 .
1454 .
Ethnicity is a term that describes shared culture — the practices , values , and beliefs of a group .
3644 .
In some situations , it is helpful to gain an understanding of the overall activity of a person ’s brain , without needing information on the actual location of the activity .
Two kinds of appraisals of a stressor are especially important in this regard : primary and secondary appraisals .
In his book The Power Elite ( 1956 ) , sociologist C. Wright Mills described the existence of what he dubbed the power elite , a small group of wealthy and influential people at the top of society who hold the power and resources .
The term psychoneuroimmunology was first coined in 1981 , when it appeared as the title of a book that reviewed available evidence for associations between the brain , endocrine system , and immune system ( Zacharie , 2009 ) .
In particular , in Tinker v. Des Moines ( 1969 ) and Hazelwood v. Kuhlmeier ( 1988 ) , the Supreme Court has upheld restrictions on speech that creates “ substantial interference with school discipline or the rights of others ”
A saver who diversifies is following the old proverb : “ Do n’t put all your eggs in one basket . ” In any broad group of companies , some firms will do better than expected and some will do worse — but the extremes have a tendency to cancel out extreme increases and decreases in value .
2292 .
The enactment of the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd Jr .
The upward slope since the 1990s is primarily due to the increase in federal grant money going to Medicaid .
This statement has been used to support the federal government ’s playing a role in controversial policy matters , such as the provision of healthcare , the expansion of power to levy and collect taxes , and regulation of interstate commerce .
3384 .
Inversion involves the soles of the feet moving inward , toward the midline of the body .
However , those fields of science related to the physical world and its phenomena and processes are considered natural sciences .
6874 .
Shelby County v. Holder , 570 U.S. _ _ ( 2013 ) .
4680 .
Layering is a method in which a stem attached to the plant is bent and covered with soil .
The more activity , the more likely the case will be placed on the docket .
The worker invests these funds in a wide range of investment vehicles .
In this arrangement , a small group of trustees possess legal ownership of a business that they operate for the benefit of other investors .
The point at which the aggregate expenditure function intersects the vertical axis will be determined by the levels of investment , government , and export expenditures — which do not vary with national income .
The exact genes and gene functions involved in this disorder , however , are not well - understood ( APA , 2013 ) .
Examples of acute viral diseases are the common cold and influenza .
Distraction displays are seen in birds and some fish .
High - income countries must continually invent new technologies , whereas low - income countries can often find ways of applying technology that has already been invented and is well understood .
If tryptophan is present in the environment , then E .
2384 .
A microphyll is small and has a simple vascular system .
The dopamine hypothesis of schizophrenia proposed that an overabundance of dopamine or too many dopamine receptors are responsible for the onset and maintenance of schizophrenia ( Snyder , 1976 ) .
A cell ’s DNA , packaged as a double - stranded DNA molecule , is called its genome .
These gyri and sulci form important landmarks that allow us to separate the brain into functional centers .
In one prominent example , during the 1950s and 1960s , the United Mineworkers union demanded that mining companies install labor - saving machinery in the mines .
4591 .
3899 .
If the source varies periodically , particularly sinusoidally , the circuit is known as an alternating current circuit .
1983 .
One reason was cost .
Play therapy is often used with children since they are not likely to sit on a couch and recall their dreams or engage in traditional talk therapy .
Reagan ’s primary goal upon taking office was to stimulate the sagging economy while simultaneously cutting both government programs and taxes .
To some extent , planned obsolescence is a natural extension of new and emerging technologies .
1136 .
6793 .
6742 .
In Buckley v. Valeo ( 1976 ) , the Supreme Court upheld Congress ’s right to regulate elections by restricting contributions to campaigns and candidates .
This contorted state is called the transition state , and it is a high - energy , unstable state .
6995 .
A biofilm is a microbial community ( [ link ] ) held together in a gummy - textured matrix that consists primarily of polysaccharides secreted by the organisms , together with some proteins and nucleic acids .
6675 .
3279 .
Kennedy also established the Agency for International Development to oversee the distribution of foreign aid , and he founded the Peace Corps , which recruited idealistic young people to undertake humanitarian projects in Asia , Africa , and Latin America .
The price elasticity of demand is the percentage change in the quantity demanded of a good or service divided by the percentage change in the price .
We have already identified protons as the particles that carry positive charge in the nuclei .
3215 .
He was awarded the 1939 Nobel Prize in Physics for the cyclotron and nuclear activations , and he has an element and two major laboratories named for him .
1938 .
In order to recruit women for factory jobs , the government created a propaganda campaign centered on a now - iconic figure known as Rosie the Riveter ( [ link ] ) .
The Occupy Wall Street movement was born of the government ’s response to the Great Recession of 2008 and its assistance to endangered financial institutions , provided through the Troubled Asset Relief Program , TARP ( [ link ] ) .
It does this by investigating how given dollar amounts can mean different things to individuals depending on the situation .
1240 .
1320 .
4377 .
The electrical signals and mechanical actions , illustrated in [ link ] , are intimately intertwined .
It can be broken down into price indices for different industries , commodities , and stages of processing ( like finished goods , intermediate goods , crude materials for further processing , and so on ) .
Wave amplitude is perceived as luminous intensity , or brightness .
4060 .
Functionalism focused on how mental activities helped an organism fit into its environment .
To do that , the individual ’s unconscious mind uses ego defense mechanisms , unconscious protective behaviors that aim to reduce anxiety .
One effective strategy is the foot - in - the - door technique ( Cialdini , 2001 ; Pliner , Hart , Kohl , & Saari , 1974 ) .
Locke called this implicit agreement between a people and their government the social contract .
4298 .
What are the results of airline deregulation ?
The Edward Snowden case is another good case in point .
Higher - level consumers feed on the next lower tropic levels , and so on , up to the organisms at the top of the food chain : the apex consumers .
The electrostatic force has a horizontal component that results in the leaves moving apart as well as a vertical component that is balanced by the gravitational force . 2943 .
For example , one classical conditioning experiment is to accustom subjects to blink when they are given a puff of air .
Two counterconditioning techniques are aversive conditioning and exposure therapy .
It started the process of deinstitutionalization , the closing of large asylums , by providing for people to stay in their communities and be treated locally .
Thermal stress is created by thermal expansion or contraction ( see Elasticity : Stress and Strain for a discussion of stress and strain ) .
3669 .
President Franklin D. Roosevelt even attempted to stack the odds in his favor in 1937 , with a “ court - packing scheme ” in which he tried to get a bill passed through Congress that would have reorganized the judiciary and enabled him to appoint up to six additional judges to the high court ( [ link ] ) .
“ Voter List Accuracy , ” 11 February 2014 . http://www.ncsl.org/research/elections-and-campaigns/voter-list-accuracy.aspx
Such particles ( like the pion above ) are called virtual particles , because they can not be directly observed but their effects can be directly observed .
Chondrocytes are found in spaces within the tissue called lacunae .
During a midterm election year , however , the president ’s party often is blamed for the president ’s actions or inaction .
In all vertebrate organisms , as well as some invertebrates , this is a closed - loop system , in which the blood is not free in a cavity .
There are twenty standing committees in the House and sixteen in the Senate ( [ link ] ) .
States and counties on the preclearance list were released , and Congress was told to design new guidelines for placing states on the list .
Walter Cronkite , reporting from Vietnam , had a loyal following .
5154 .
2629 .
By “ community , ” sociologists refer to a definable region — as small as a neighborhood ( Brooklyn , or “ the east side of town ” ) , as large as a country ( Ethiopia , the United States , or Nepal ) , or somewhere in between ( in the United States , this might include someone who identifies with Southern or Midwestern society ) .
The Second Law of Thermodynamics ( second expression )
3373 .
The occipital cortex is organized retinotopically , which means there is a close relationship between the position of an object in a person ’s visual field and the position of that object ’s representation on the cortex .
ATP is a small , relatively simple molecule ( [ link ] ) , but within some of its bonds , it contains the potential for a quick burst of energy that can be harnessed to perform cellular work .
Each one of us has several social roles .
3377 .
4181 .
Mendel ’s hybridization experiments demonstrate the difference between phenotype and genotype .
1512 .
6291 . Business owners may prefer to vote for a candidate with a college degree who has worked in business rather than a career politician .
Wilson described his more moderate approach as one of New Freedom , which stood for a smaller federal government to protect public interests from the evils associated with big businesses and banks .
We might also use the principle of similarity to group things in our visual fields .
7022 . International agreements represent another of the broad - based foreign policy instruments .
1352 .
Real Federal Spending on CTC , EITC , and TANF , 1975 - 2013EITC increased from more than $ 20 billion in 2000 to over an estimated $ 50 billion by 2013 , far exceeding estimated 2013 outlays in the CTC ( Child Tax Credits ) and TANF of over $ 20 billion and $ 10 billion , respectively .
“ Discrediting ‘ Self Deportation ’ as Immigration Policy , ” February 6 . http://www.immigrationpolicy.org/special-reports/discrediting-%E2%80%9Cself-deportation%E2%80%9D-immigration-policy
This proportional representation gave the more populous states , like Virginia , more political power .
Because the neurons can regulate the release of hormones , the nervous and endocrine systems work in a coordinated manner to regulate the body 's physiology .
4427 .
We can define a potential energy ( PE ) ( PE ) size 12 { \ ( " PE " \ ) } { } for any conservative force , just as we did for the gravitational force .
It is legal if the purpose of the contract is to encourage competition between dealers .
The discrepancy between black and white Americans shows the gap clearly ; in 2008 , the average life expectancy for white males was approximately five years longer than for black males : 75.9 compared to 70.9 .
Sex refers to physical or physiological differences between males and females , including both primary sex characteristics ( the reproductive system ) and secondary characteristics such as height and muscularity .
For a case on appeal , you can tell which party lost at the lower level of court by looking at the case name : The party unhappy with the decision of the lower court is the one bringing the appeal and is thus the petitioner , or the first - named party in the case .
Thirty - six votes were needed .
6299 .
4136 .
The types of reasoning within the circle are called deductive and inductive .
5729 .
Malpighian tubules work cooperatively with specialized glands in the wall of the rectum .
In 1786 , Virginia and Maryland invited delegates from the other eleven states to meet in Annapolis , Maryland , for the purpose of revising the Articles of Confederation .
3197 .
The hypothalamus is an endocrine organ located in the diencephalon of the brain .
They lack cartilage and therefore rely on inhaled air to support their shape .
A major risk factor for heart disease is hypertension , which is high blood pressure .
This general effect is called surface tension .
The cingulate gyrus helps regulate emotions and pain .
1882 .
374 .
Once those are assessed , a prototype emerges , and then a period of slight adjustments to the technology , interrupted by a breakthrough .
Mineral soils form directly from the weathering of bedrock , the solid rock that lies beneath the soil , and therefore , they have a similar composition to the original rock .
However , in Shelby County v. Holder ( 2013 ) , the Supreme Court , in a 5–4 decision , threw out the standards and process of the VRA , effectively gutting the landmark legislation . Shelby County v. Holder , 570 U.S. _ _ _ ( 2013 ) .
2232 .
The social benefits of an innovation take into account the value of all the positive externalities of the new idea or product , whether enjoyed by other companies or society as a whole , as well as the private benefits received by the firm that developed the new technology .
In his book The Division of Labor in Society ( 1893 ) , Durkheim argued that as society grew more complex , social order made the transition from mechanical to organic . Preindustrial societies , Durkheim explained , were held together by mechanical solidarity , a type of social order maintained by the collective consciousness of a culture .
In contrast , weather refers to the conditions of the atmosphere during a short period of time .
The first permitted voters to enact legislation by petitioning to place an idea , or initiative , on the ballot .
Most importantly , he had no significant political scandals in his past , unlike his predecessor Grant , who suffered through the Crédit Mobilier of America scandal .
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission v. Abercrombie & Fitch Stores , 575 U.S. _ _ ( 2015 ) .
Fighting Unemployment or Inflation?As explained in Unemployment , unemployment can be divided into two categories : cyclical unemployment and the natural rate of unemployment , which is the sum of frictional and structural unemployment .
6497 .
Under consecutive term limits , a member can serve for only a specified period of time in either the state house or the state senate , most commonly eight years .
6517 .
551 .
In structural family therapy , the therapist examines and discusses the boundaries and structure of the family : who makes the rules , who sleeps in the bed with whom , how decisions are made , and what are the boundaries within the family .
Perhaps Congress ’s most powerful oversight tool is the Government Accountability Office ( GAO ) . http://www.gao.gov/ ( May 1 , 2016 ) .
119 .
At 10 −43 s 10 −43 s size 12 { " 10 " rSup { size 8 { - " 43 " } } ` s } { } , the average energy reaches the immense 1019 Ge V 1019 Ge V size 12 { " 10 " rSup { size 8 { " 19 " } } ` " Ge V " } { } needed to unify gravity with the other forces in TOE , the Theory of Everything .
Kirchhoff ’s rules for circuit analysis are applications of conservation laws to circuits .
Cluster A disorders include paranoid personality disorder , schizoid personality disorder , and schizotypal personality disorder .
The ability of an ecosystem to remain at equilibrium in spite of disturbances is called resistance .
Similarly , we see on the bottom third line , an investment from rest of the world into the home country and investment income ( bottom fourth line ) flowing from the home country to the rest of the world .
Women are the primary victims of intimate partner violence .
2001 .
3498 .
Sandra Day O’Connor , nominated by Republican president Ronald Reagan , often became a champion for women ’s rights .
488 .
According to the Common Agricultural Policy reform passed in 2013 , the European Union ( EU ) will spend about 60 billion euros per year , or 67 billion dollars per year , or roughly 38 % of the EU budget , on price supports for Europe ’s farmers from 2014 to 2020 .
Many people believe , for example , that crime rates go up when there ’s a full moon , but research does n’t support this opinion .
For example , from 1994 to 2000 during what was known as the “ dot - com ” boom , the U.S. stock market , which is measured by the Dow Jones Industrial Index ( which includes 30 very large companies from across the U.S. economy ) , nearly tripled in value .
During the Great Depression of the 1930s , the United States created a set of policies and programs that constituted a social safety net for the millions who had lost their jobs , their homes , and their savings ( [ link ] ) .
573 .
590 .
Glow - in - the - dark materials , such as luminous dials on some watches and clocks and on children ’s toys and pajamas , are made of phosphorescent substances .
The Wheatstone bridge is a null measurement device for calculating resistance by balancing potential drops in a circuit .
Largely for this reason , there is no comprehensive list of all interest groups to tell us how many there are in the United States .
Collagen fibers are interwoven with carbohydrate - containing protein molecules called proteoglycans .
2708 .
3266 .
Once neurotransmitters are released into the synapse , they travel across the small space and bind with corresponding receptors on the dendrite of an adjacent neuron .
United States v. Lopez , 514 U.S. 549 ( 1995 ) .
The general view of the governments of such countries is that environmental protection is a luxury : as soon as their people have enough to eat , decent healthcare , and longer life expectancies , then they will spend more money on sewage treatment plants , scrubbers to reduce air pollution from factory smokestacks , national parks to protect wildlife , and so on .
The bulbourethral gland , or Cowper ’s gland , releases its secretion prior to the release of the bulk of the semen .
5474 .
The greatest benefit of naturalistic observation is the validity , or accuracy , of information collected unobtrusively in a natural setting .
Despite the common use of the primary system , at least five states ( Alaska , Hawaii , Idaho , Colorado , and Iowa ) regularly use caucuses for presidential , state , and local - level nominations .
One commonly used classical conditioning therapeutic technique is counterconditioning : a client learns a new response to a stimulus that has previously elicited an undesirable behavior .
1176 .
2664 .
This latter choice is often described as the “ guns versus butter ” debate .
Once blood is pumped out of the left ventricle and into the aorta , the aortic semilunar valve ( or aortic valve ) closes preventing blood from flowing backward into the left ventricle .
When blood glucose levels decline below normal levels , for example between meals or when glucose is utilized rapidly during exercise , the hormone glucagon is released from the alpha cells of the pancreas .
3904 .
For example , imagine a bank that has loaned a substantial amount of money at a certain interest rate , but then sees interest rates rise substantially .
Each kidney is made up of over one million nephrons that dot the renal cortex , giving it a granular appearance when sectioned sagittally .
6422 .
The loop rule is stated in terms of potential , V V size 12 { V } { } , rather than potential energy , but the two are related since PE elec = q VPE elec = q V size 12 { ital " PE " rSub { size 8 { " elec " } } = ital " qV " } { } .
The amygdala is composed of various subnuclei , including the basolateral complex and the central nucleus ( [ link ] ) .
In this way , Paine helped to channel colonial discontent toward the king himself and not , as had been the case , toward the British Parliament — a bold move that signaled the desire to create a new political order disavowing monarchy entirely .
Conversely , other companies will be doing very well for just the opposite reasons and looking to hire more employees .
491 .
In the spring of 1894 , businessman Jacob Coxey led a march of unemployed Ohioans from Cincinnati to Washington , DC , where leaders of the group urged Congress to pass public works legislation for the federal government to hire unemployed workers to build roads and other public projects .
The caucus or large - scale gathering was made up of legislators in the Congress who met informally to decide on nominees from their respective parties .
4720 .
Ampere ’s law in turn is a part of Maxwell ’s equations , which give a complete theory of all electromagnetic phenomena .
Lawrence v. Texas , 539 U.S. 558 ( 2003 ) .
6286 .
4815 .
The market is in long - run equilibrium , where all firms earn zero economic profits producing the output level where P = MR = MC and P = AC .
Net national product ( NNP ) is calculated by taking GNP and then subtracting the value of how much physical capital is worn out , or reduced in value because of aging , over the course of a year .
5517 .
At the highest level of organization ( [ link ] ) , the biosphere is the collection of all ecosystems , and it represents the zones of life on earth .
Perception refers to the way sensory information is organized , interpreted , and consciously experienced .
With anterograde amnesia , you can not remember new information , although you can remember information and events that happened prior to your injury .
In some species , like sea spiders , an additional pair of appendages , called ovigers , is present between the chelicerae and pedipalps .
5303 .
In addition to introducing the equal protection clause to the Constitution , this amendment also extended the due process clause of the Fifth Amendment to the states , required the states to respect the privileges or immunities of all citizens , and , for the first time , defined citizenship at the national and state levels .
358 .
6613 .
In some ways , this chapter is a continuation of Dynamics : Newton 's Laws of Motion as we study more applications of Newton ’s laws of motion .
Early in the development of the embryo , specialized diploid cells , called germ cells , are produced within the gonads , such as the testes and ovaries .
This early change model is called punctuated equilibrium , because it begins with a punctuated or periodic change and then remains in balance afterward .
184 .
Korematsu v. United States , 323 U.S. 214 ( 1944 ) .
2982 .
Bernanke and Greenspan are recent past chairs of the board of governors of the Federal Reserve System ; Yellen is the current chair ( [ link ] ) .
For parents who employ the permissive style of parenting , the kids run the show and anything goes .
The answer is that both blades of the demand and supply scissors are always involved . 4319 .
6811 .
They act locally at the site of injury , and can also be transported to other tissues .
Combining the bond ’s face value , interest rate , and maturity date , and market interest rates , allows a buyer to compute a bond ’s present value , which is the most that a buyer would be willing to pay for a given bond .
The neurotransmitters travel across the synapse and bind to receptors on the dendrites of the adjacent neuron , and the process repeats itself in the new neuron ( assuming the signal is sufficiently strong to trigger an action potential ) .
The difference in this uprising , however , was that supporters saw in the renewed U.S. Navy a force that could be a strong ally for Cuba .
Given many changes in banking and the prevalence of electronic banking , M2 is now favored as a measure of money rather than the narrower M1 .
Pneumatic bones are bones that are hollow , rather than filled with tissue ( [ link ] ) .
In some groups , some of these traits are present only during embryonic development .
The sympathetic nervous system regulates the stress response via the hypothalamus .
The tale of the 102 migrants who crossed the Atlantic aboard the Mayflower and their struggle for survival is a well - known narrative of the founding of the country .
5006 .
4401 .
See David Carter .
Some offer material incentives , which are tangible benefits of joining a group .
As [ link ] makes apparent , many large corporations like Honeywell International , AT&T , and Lockheed Martin form PACs to distribute money to candidates .
The Wilson administration created the Committee of Public Information under director George Creel , a former journalist , just days after the United States declared war on Germany .
This guarantees that seeds produced by plants in temperate climates will not germinate until the spring .
Einstein incorporated these ideas into his first postulate of special relativity .
An example of the polyp form is Hydra spp .
1105 .
These have not been observed experimentally , but there is a prediction of an associated particle called the Higgs boson .
For example , an individual may worry about her health and finances , the health of family members , the safety of her children , or minor matters ( e.g. , being late for an appointment ) without having any legitimate reason for doing so ( APA , 2013 ) .
The X and Y chromosomes are not autosomes .
External forces are any outside forces that act on a body .
All nine serve lifetime terms , after successful nomination by the president and confirmation by the Senate .
The bottom line remains , however , that every sale represents income to someone , and so , Say ’s law argues , a given value of supply must create an equivalent value of demand somewhere else in the economy .
As the press focused on other events , Woodward and Bernstein continued to dig and publish their findings , keeping the public ’s attention on the unfolding scandal .
2001 .
6849 .
6437 .
If supply always creates exactly enough demand at the macroeconomic level , then ( as Say himself recognized ) it is hard to understand why periods of recession and high unemployment should ever occur .
2445 .
Chemical signals are released by signaling cells in the form of small , usually volatile or soluble molecules called ligands .
253 .
2613 .
5140 .
At this point , you may wonder about the Federal Reserve .
2926 .
Although various forms of corruption topped the list of abuses , among the most famous muckraker exposés was The Jungle , a 1906 novel by Upton Sinclair that focused on unsanitary working conditions and unsavory business practices in the meat - packing industry . Upton Sinclair .
Involuntary treatment refers to therapy that is not the individual ’s choice .
United States v. Pink , 315 U.S. 203 ( 1942 ) .
The ddNTPs are monomers that are missing a hydroxyl group ( – OH ) at the site at which another nucleotide usually attaches to form a chain ( [ link ] ) .
That same year , he organized the Church of Christ , the progenitor of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints popularly known as Mormons .
If someone with this condition goes untreated , he or she will experience significant deficits in cognitive function , seizures , and increased risk of various psychiatric disorders .
To avoid serving in the Vietnam War , many people claimed to have a conscientious objection to military service on the basis that they believed this particular war was unwise or unjust .
The second - to - last row of [ link ] shows that the average hourly wage for a manufacturing worker increased nearly six - fold from 1970 to 2014 .
1842 .
When a government legislates policies to reduce or block international trade it is engaging in protectionism .
Because over time unions were stronger in manufacturing than in service industries , the growth in jobs was not happening where the unions were .
Often the source of controversy is the wearing of head coverings by observant Muslims , which some employers claim violates uniform policies or dress codes , even when non - Muslim coworkers are allowed to wear head coverings that are not part of work uniforms .
When neurotransmitter molecules bind to receptors located on a neuron ’s dendrites , ion channels open .
The Bohr model shows the atom as a central nucleus containing protons and neutrons , with the electrons in circular orbitals at specific distances from the nucleus , as illustrated in [ link ] .
There are usually acknowledgment and reference sections as well as an abstract ( a concise summary ) at the beginning of the paper .
6870 .
2562 .
Prices do respond to forces of supply and demand , but from a macroeconomic perspective , the process of changing all prices throughout the economy takes time .
As cities evolve from manufacturing - based industrial to service- and information - based postindustrial societies , gentrification becomes more common .
4983 .
5377 .
A national economy that does a fairly good job at achieving the four main economic goals of growth , low inflation , low unemployment , and a sustainable balance of trade will probably do just fine most of the time with any exchange rate policy ; conversely , no exchange rate policy is likely to save an economy that consistently fails at achieving these goals .
2048 .
Economists refer to this pattern as the law of diminishing marginal utility , which means that as a person receives more of a good , the additional ( or marginal ) utility from each additional unit of the good declines .
5388 .
Such was also the case when several unions split from the AFL - CIO ( American Federation of Labor - Congress of Industrial Organizations ) , the nation ’s largest federation of unions , in 2005 .
The poverty line is based on cash income , which means it does not take into account government programs that provide assistance to the poor in a non - cash form , like Medicaid ( health care for low - income individuals and families ) and food aid .
Its inaugural train ran in 1831 on a track outside Albany and covered twelve miles in twenty - five minutes .
3901 .
These and all other forms of energy can be converted into one another and can do work .
237 .
The AMA used the knowledge and skill it had acquired while working in missions in Africa and with American Indian groups to establish and run schools for freed slaves in the postwar South .
A direct assault on Nazi Germany ’s “ Fortress Europe ” was still necessary for final victory .
A different strain , spread by airborne germs , also killed many .
Sleep is a state marked by relatively low levels of physical activity and reduced sensory awareness that is distinct from periods of rest that occur during wakefulness .
Prejudice and discrimination persist in society due to social learning and conformity to social norms .
4210 .
The mitochondria - first hypothesis proposes that mitochondria were first established in a prokaryotic host ( [ link]b ) , which subsequently acquired a nucleus , by fusion or other mechanisms , to become the first eukaryotic cell .
Its poll used leading questions for what it termed an “ informed ballot , ” and , to show that Warren would do better than Hillary Clinton , it included ten positive statements about Warren before asking whether the respondent would vote for Clinton or Warren . Aaron Blake , “ This terrible polls shows Elizabeth Warren beating Hillary Clinton , ” Washington Post , 11 February 2015 .
Marx believed that the general population was divided into two groups .
5089 .
The matrix in connective tissues gives the tissue its density .
The image formed in [ link ] is a real image , meaning that it can be projected .
In this system , carbon dioxide diffuses into the red blood cells .
[ link ] shows two identical waves that arrive exactly out of phase — that is , precisely aligned crest to trough — producing pure destructive interference .
The hypothalamus contains autonomic centers that control endocrine cells in the adrenal medulla via neuronal control . The pituitary gland , sometimes called the hypophysis or “ master gland ” is located at the base of the brain in the sella turcica , a groove of the sphenoid bone of the skull , illustrated in [ link ] .
When we experience cognitive dissonance , we are motivated to decrease it because it is psychologically , physically , and mentally uncomfortable .
Reporter ’s privilege has increased the number of instances in which whistleblowers and government employees have given journalists tips or documents to prompt investigation into questionable government practices .
7030 .
Referring to what became known as the Fourteen Points , Wilson called for openness in all matters of diplomacy and trade , specifically , free trade , freedom of the seas , an end to secret treaties and negotiations , promotion of self - determination of all nations , and more .
3609 .
It also helped spawn the Tea Party , a conservative movement focused primarily on limiting government spending and the size of the federal government . 2116 .
What if the U.S. economy thrived solely on basic bartering instead of its bustling agricultural and technological goods ?
4628 .
By 1924 , this Second Ku Klux Klan had six million members in the South , West , and , particularly , the Midwest — more Americans than there were in the nation ’s labor unions at the time .
5615 .
You ordinarily must perform precise experiments to observe fictitious forces and the slight departures from Newton ’s laws , such as the effect just described .
A bond is basically an “ I owe you ” note that is given to an investor in exchange for capital ( money ) .
4 .
Pioneering women such as Jane Addams in Chicago and Lillian Wald in New York led this early progressive reform movement in the United States , building upon ideas originally fashioned by social reformers in England .
The monomers combine with each other using covalent bonds to form larger molecules known as polymers .
Detailed treatment of space quantization began to explain some complexities of atomic spectra , but certain patterns seemed to be caused by something else .
The media also engages in agenda setting , which is the act of choosing which issues or topics deserve public discussion .
6016 .
3575 .
Height is one example of a polygenic trait , as are skin color and weight . In this Punnett square , N represents the normal allele , and p represents the recessive allele that is associated with PKU .
Nowhere is this clearer than with respect to the social welfare and social insurance programs created during the New Deal and Great Society eras , most of which are administered by both state and federal authorities and are jointly funded .
Covert content is political information provided under the pretense that it is neutral .
The chloroplasts contain a green pigment called chlorophyll , which captures the light energy that drives the reactions of photosynthesis .
In another type of repair mechanism , nucleotide excision repair , enzymes replace incorrect bases by making a cut on both the 3 ' and 5 ' ends of the incorrect base ( [ link ] ) .
4608 .
However , action on this nominee is unlikely given the election of Republican Donald Trump to the presidency .
3495 .
It is released by cells in the atrium of the heart in response to high blood pressure and in patients with sleep apnea .
Isaac Krannick .
1762 .
A concentration gradient exists that would allow these materials to diffuse into the cell without expending cellular energy .
President Eisenhower then called up the Arkansas National Guard for federal duty ( essentially taking the troops out of Faubus ’s hands ) and sent soldiers of the 101st Airborne Division to escort students to and from classes , as shown in [ link ] .
The axons of these neurons release acetylcholine on postganglionic neurons within sympathetic ganglia ( the sympathetic ganglia form a chain that extends alongside the spinal cord ) .
The final ingredient of the Keynesian cross or expenditure - output diagram is the aggregate expenditure schedule , which will show the total expenditures in the economy for each level of real GDP .
There are two known hazards of electricity — thermal and shock .
Facing considerable opposition to the Constitution in that state , Alexander Hamilton , James Madison , and John Jay wrote a series of essays , beginning in 1787 , arguing for a strong federal government and support of the Constitution ( [ link ] ) .
One remarkable change in the U.S. economy in recent decades is that , as of 1970 , only about 42 % of women participated in the paid labor force .
These curves allow us to compare the life histories of different populations ( [ link ] ) .
In their first case of significance , Chisholm v. Georgia ( 1793 ) , the justices ruled that the federal courts could hear cases brought by a citizen of one state against a citizen of another state , and that Article III , Section 2 , of the Constitution did not protect the states from facing such an interstate lawsuit .
Although it is not found in the skull , the hyoid bone is considered a component of the axial skeleton .
After fertilization is complete , no other sperm can enter .
This might also explain why a mother is awakened by a quiet murmur from her baby but not by other sounds that occur while she is asleep .
5618 .
3295 .
4005 .
A risk group can be defined as a group that shares roughly the same risks of an adverse event occurring .
It is not feasible to have unlimited amounts of both goods .
Some researchers believe that intelligence is a trait inherited from a person ’s parents .
Moses Austin , a once - prosperous entrepreneur reduced to poverty by the Panic of 1819 , requested permission to settle three hundred English - speaking American residents in Texas .
The actor - observer bias is the phenomenon of attributing other people ’s behavior to internal factors ( fundamental attribution error ) while attributing our own behavior to situational forces ( Jones & Nisbett , 1971 ; Nisbett , Caputo , Legant , & Marecek , 1973 ; Choi & Nisbett , 1998 ) .
Of those polled nationwide , 52 percent believed government should protect the right of citizens to own guns , while 46 percent felt there should be stronger controls over gun ownership .
There are more than 100 different forms of peptidoglycan .
The frontal lobe is located at the front of the brain , over the eyes .
This causes the release of follicle stimulating hormone ( FSH ) and luteinizing hormone ( LH ) from the anterior pituitary into the blood .
A market is an institution that brings together buyers and sellers of goods or services , who may be either individuals or businesses .
The other kind of international financial investment , portfolio investment , involves a purely financial investment that does not entail any management responsibility .
This is done by measuring the fraction of a floating object that is submerged — for example , with a hydrometer .
That authority derived from the legislative power of Congress to “ establish a uniform Rule of Naturalization , ” enumerated in the Constitution .
Following the terrorist attacks in New York and Washington on September 11 , 2001 , President George W. Bush ’s bullhorn speech from the rubble of Ground Zero in New York similarly became a rally .
Volunteers record the votes and no poll workers need to be trained or compensated .
2190 .
Proteomic approaches are being used to improve screening and early detection of cancer ; this is achieved by identifying proteins whose expression is affected by the disease process .
A hypothesis is an assumption about how two or more variables are related ; it makes a conjectural statement about the relationship between those variables .
Governors want to project a positive image of their state that will encourage tourism , relocation , and economic investment within its boundaries .
In Müllerian mimicry , multiple species share the same warning coloration , but all of them actually have defenses .
In most cases , promoters exist upstream of the genes they regulate .
When the hydrocarbon chain contains a double bond , the fatty acid is said to be unsaturated .
4478 .
1069 .
6097 .
They simply have to take the market price as given .
The landmark court decision of the judicial phase of the civil rights movement settled the Brown v. Board of Education case in 1954 .
5845 .
The Supreme Court also found that various forms of symbolic speech — wearing clothing like an armband that carried a political symbol or raising a fist in the air , for example — were subject to the same protections as written and spoken communication .
This positive spike constitutes the action potential : the electrical signal that typically moves from the cell body down the axon to the axon terminals .
3011 .
6706 .
In sociology , a few theories provide broad perspectives that help explain many different aspects of social life , and these are called paradigms .
5565 .
2485 .
531 .
Several states have attempted to pass laws requiring women to notify their husbands , and often obtain their consent , before having an abortion .
The framers resolved this problem through a separation of powers , dividing the national government into three separate branches and assigning different responsibilities to each one , as shown in [ link ] .
The cornea , the front transparent layer of the eye , and the crystalline lens , a transparent convex structure behind the cornea , both refract ( bend ) light to focus the image on the retina .
At depths greater than 200 m , light can not penetrate ; thus , this is referred to as the aphotic zone .
This family of genes is responsible for determining the general body plan , such as the number of body segments of an animal , the number and placement of appendages , and animal head - tail directionality .
If the process errs by even a single nucleotide , the reading frame of the rejoined exons would shift , and the resulting protein would be dysfunctional .
In the United States , deaf individuals often communicate using American Sign Language ( ASL ) ; ASL has no verbal component and is based entirely on visual signs and gestures .
Until 2010 , it also limited advertisements run by unions and corporations thirty days before a primary and sixty days before a general election .
5023 .
5189 .
584 .
Wielding this power is a role Marshall defined as the “ very essence of judicial duty , ” and it continues today as one of the most significant aspects of judicial power .
When children are placed in group therapy , it is particularly important to match clients for age and problems .
First , the United States has a presidential system in which the winner is selected not directly by the popular vote but indirectly by a group of electors known collectively as the Electoral College .
3706 .
When excess charge is placed on a conductor or the conductor is put into a static electric field , charges in the conductor quickly respond to reach a steady state called electrostatic equilibrium .
For instance , Abraham Lincoln won the presidency in 1860 even though he clearly lacked majority support given the number of candidates in the race .
People with panic disorder experience recurrent ( more than one ) and unexpected panic attacks , along with at least one month of persistent concern about additional panic attacks , worry over the consequences of the attacks , or self - defeating changes in behavior related to the attacks ( e.g. , avoidance of exercise or unfamiliar situations ) ( APA , 2013 ) .
Pain is the name given to nociception , which is the neural processing of injurious stimuli in response to tissue damage .
cases opened the door for a substantially greater flow of money into elections .
This often happens by blaming an out - group for the problem .
3006 .
6222 .
As a result of losing a negatively charged electron , they become positively charged ions .
Medicare , like Social Security , is an entitlement program funded through payroll taxes .
Whether this pattern could be reversed in the case of a closely contested selection process remains to be seen .
( See [ link ] .
Carol M. Swain and Virgina M. Yetter .
NK cells identify intracellular infections , especially from viruses , by the altered expression of major histocompatibility class ( MHC ) I molecules on the surface of infected cells .
Revolutionary movements seek to completely change every aspect of society .
1812 .
Openings called stomata ( singular : stoma ) allow a plant to take up carbon dioxide and release oxygen and water vapor .
Even more important on intelligence than the CIA director is the director of national intelligence , a position created in the government reorganizations after 9/11 , who oversees the entire intelligence community in the U.S. government .
Have you ever noticed that if you forget to water a plant for a few days , it wilts ?
He maintained high levels of defense spending but , in his farewell speech in 1961 , warned about the growth of the military - industrial complex , the matrix of relationships between officials in the Department of Defense and executives in the defense industry who all benefited from increases in defense spending .
4419 .
The male gametangium ( antheridium ) releases sperm .
Hans Enoksen , former prime minister of Greenland , receives a helping hand at the polls from five - year - old Pipaluk Petersen ( a ) .
So , behavioral economics seeks to enrich the understanding of decision - making by integrating the insights of psychology into economics .
The potential for military engagement , and indeed the scattering about the globe of hundreds of U.S. military installations , can also be a potential source of foreign policy strength for the United States . 7018 .
Until you pay the credit card bill , you have effectively borrowed money from the credit card company .
The hilum is the concave part of the bean - shape where blood vessels and nerves enter and exit the kidney ; it is also the point of exit for the ureters .
Another biologically based treatment that continues to be used , although infrequently , is electroconvulsive therapy ( ECT ) ( formerly known by its unscientific name as electroshock therapy ) .
In behavior therapy , a therapist employs principles of learning to help clients change undesirable behaviors — rather than digging deeply into one ’s unconscious .
The spinal cord is a thick bundle of nerve tissue that carries information about the body to the brain and from the brain to the body .
2199 .
Plants used in first - generation crosses were called P0 , or parental generation one , plants ( [ link ] ) .
6645 .
Microtubules that will form the mitotic spindle extend between the centrosomes , pushing them farther apart as the microtubule fibers lengthen .
The ink jet printer , commonly used to print computer - generated text and graphics , also employs electrostatics .
Variations and adaptations in cognition and behavior make individuals more or less successful in reproducing and passing their genes to their offspring .
The three ossicles are the malleus ( also known as the hammer ) , the incus ( the anvil ) , and stapes ( the stirrup ) .
1174 .
Partial pressure is defined as the pressure a gas would create if it occupied the total volume available .
4895 .
4658 .
217 .
Municipal governments oversee the operation and functions of cities and towns .
Those further to the right argued that healthcare reform was part of a larger and nefarious plot to control the public .
165 .
In the United States , which has a history of welcoming and absorbing immigrants from different lands , assimilation has been a function of immigration .
The End of Prosperity : How Higher Taxes Will Doom the Economy .
If a firm builds a factory or buys a piece of equipment , the firm receives all the economic benefits that result from the investments .
4028 .
Sperm mature in seminiferous tubules that are coiled inside the testes , as illustrated in [ link ] .
Note that the body must reach puberty in order for the adrenals to release the hormones that must be present for GnRH to be produced .
During the Apollo 13 mission to the moon , NASA engineers at Mission Control had to overcome functional fixedness to save the lives of the astronauts aboard the spacecraft .
After all , high - skilled U.S. workers presumably benefit from increased sales of sophisticated products like computers , machinery , and pharmaceuticals in which the United States has a comparative advantage .
The process was proposed and developed following the advances in quantum physics .
The phosphate and the eIF-2 protein are released from the complex and the large 60S ribosomal subunit binds to translate the RNA .
Meiosis II , in which the second round of meiotic division takes place , includes prophase II , prometaphase II , and so on .
1560 .
See the following Clear It Up feature for a more in - depth analysis of the difference between the two .
William L. Anderson . Athens : University of Georgia Press , 75 – 93 .
A symporter carries two different ions or molecules , both in the same direction .
Ultraviolet is also produced by atomic and molecular motions and electronic transitions .
1015 .
The wave resulting from the superposition of two similar - frequency waves has a frequency that is the average of the two .
5511 .
The Temporary Assistance for Needy Families ( TANF ) block grant replaced the AFDC in 1996 , marking the first time the federal government transformed an entitlement program ( which guarantees individual rights to benefits ) into a block grant .
5432 .
For example , Ecuador , El Salvador , and Panama have decided to dollarize — that is , to use the U.S. dollar as their currency .
6231 .
The nervous system is made up of neurons , specialized cells that can receive and transmit chemical or electrical signals , and glia , cells that provide support functions for the neurons by playing an information processing role that is complementary to neurons .
A recession is a situation in which the economy as a whole is shrinking in size , business failures outnumber the remaining success stories , and many firms end up suffering losses and laying off workers .
3934 .
2417 .
Note that the frequency of the oscillation is f = ω / 2 π f = ω / 2 π size 12 { f = ω / 2 π } { } , and the period is T = 1 / f = 2 π / ω T = 1 / f = 2 π / ω size 12 { T = 1 / f = 2 π / ω } { } .
Adam J. Newmark , “ Measuring State Legislative Lobbying Regulation , 1990 – 2003 . ” State Politics and Policy Quarterly 5 ( 2005 ) : 182 – 191 ; Nownes and Newmark , “ Interest Groups in the States . ”
632 .
As centers of the black communities in the South , the leagues became vehicles for the dissemination of information , acted as mediators between members of the black community and the white establishment , and served other practical functions like helping to build schools and churches for the community they served .
5482 .
2828 .
5933 .
5984 .
They may be found between the flat bones of the skull .
In the United States , conflicts between states and the federal government are adjudicated by federal courts , with the U.S. Supreme Court being the final arbiter .
He continued : “ American energy will continually demand a wider field for its exercise . ”
6771 .
These voting cues give lawmakers an indication of how to vote on issues , particularly those with which they are unfamiliar .
This style of coverage became known as yellow journalism .
This process continues as children interact with their environment .
As previously stated , scientific interest in stress goes back nearly a century .
The only real difference between the two documents centered on slavery .
511 .
2851 .
The phytochromes are a family of chromoproteins with a linear tetrapyrrole chromophore , similar to the ringed tetrapyrrole light - absorbing head group of chlorophyll .
Class traits , also called class markers , are the typical behaviors , customs , and norms that define each class .
The Governmental Process : Political Interests and Public Opinion .
An indexed payment increases according to the index number that measures inflation .
5468 .
Congress is prohibited from creating or promoting a state - sponsored religion ( this now includes the states too ) .
The 1500s and early 1600s also introduced the process of commodification to the New World .
Every year , there are literally thousands of people who would like to have their case heard before the Supreme Court , but the justices will select only a handful to be placed on the docket , which is the list of cases scheduled on the Court ’s calendar .
In normative social influence , people conform to the group norm to fit in , to feel good , and to be accepted by the group .
What is it that carries forces between objects ?
Say that Manuel is the manager at a fast - food restaurant .
The receptor can then respond to the stimuli .
Accommodation describes when they change their schemata based on new information .
178 .
Following the discovery of oil in Alaska , however , the state , in an effort to gain undisputed title to oil rich land , settled the issue of Alaska Natives ’ land claims with the passage of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act in 1971 .
4746 .
In direct command of the Army of the Potomac , the Union fighting force operating outside Washington , DC , McClellan believed , incorrectly , that Confederate forces were too strong to defeat and was reluctant to risk his troops in battle .
3264 .
4692 .
5433 .
2318 .
}
Bodies , like the Earth or the Sun , have what is called an escape velocity .
5157 .
In the fierce debate that erupted , the two sides articulated contrasting visions of the American republic and of democracy .
February 2015 . http://texaspolitics.utexas.edu/set/agreement-concealed-carry-laws-february-2015#party-id ( February 18 , 2016 ) .
The nucleolus disappears ( disperses ) .
The most significant contributions of Locke , a seventeenth - century English philosopher , were his ideas regarding the relationship between government and natural rights , which were believed to be God - given rights to life , liberty , and property .
Molecular oxygen , on the other hand , as shown in [ link ] , consists of two doubly bonded oxygen atoms and is not classified as a compound but as a homonuclear molecule .
2549 .
The cortical radiate arteries branch into numerous afferent arterioles , and then enter the capillaries supplying the nephrons .
As the “ third force ” in psychology , humanism is touted as a reaction both to the pessimistic determinism of psychoanalysis , with its emphasis on psychological disturbance , and to the behaviorists ’ view of humans passively reacting to the environment , which has been criticized as making people out to be personality - less robots .
2408 .
6133 .
969 .
A firm depends on its insiders to grease the wheels of the organization , to be familiar with routine procedures , to train new employees , and so on .
5071 .
3049 .
The source of the activation energy needed to push reactions forward is typically heat energy from the surroundings .
Larval stages — nauplius and zoea — are seen in the early development of crustaceans .
4337 .
The peristalsis wave is unidirectional — it moves food from the mouth to the stomach , and reverse movement is not possible .
In contrast , a person who has psychological dependence has an emotional , rather than physical , need for the drug and may use the drug to relieve psychological distress .
Psychoanalysis was developed by Sigmund Freud and was the first form of psychotherapy .
Like all cells , neurons consist of several different parts , each serving a specialized function ( [ link ] ) .
During periods of sleepwalking , sleepers often have their eyes open , but they are not responsive to attempts to communicate with them .
Newspapers and cable news programs proclaim winners and losers , and debates can change the tide of a campaign .
The fovea contains densely packed specialized photoreceptor cells ( [ link ] ) .
Neoclassical economists who focus on potential GDP as the primary determinant of real GDP argue that the long - run aggregate supply curve is located at potential GDP — that is , the long - run aggregate supply curve is a vertical line drawn at the level of potential GDP , as shown in [ link ] .
Yet , despite the seemingly clear language of the Constitution , Congress has found ways to get around this rule .
873 .
The U.S. government began developing a social welfare policy during the Great Depression of the 1930s .
From those general principles , a scientist can extrapolate and predict the specific results that would be valid as long as the general principles are valid .
3395 .
The main job of the amygdala is to regulate emotions , such as fear and aggression ( [ link ] ) .
1651 .
5997 .
214 .
6147 .
However , low - income countries , with some understandable exasperation , point out that high - income countries do not have much moral standing to lecture them on the necessities of putting environmental protection ahead of economic growth .
6893 .
3072 .
The prospect of military action coupled with the passage of the Compromise Tariff Act of 1833 ( which lowered tariffs over time ) led South Carolina to back off , ending the nullification crisis .
Calhoun became a leading political theorist defending slavery and the rights of the South , which he saw as containing an increasingly embattled minority .
During this process , the hydroxyl group of one monosaccharide combines with the hydrogen of another monosaccharide , releasing a molecule of water and forming a covalent bond .
Homeostatic regulation of sleep is evidenced by sleep rebound following sleep deprivation .
Churches and their ministers joined the struggle , and the protest organization In Friendship was formed as well as The Friendly Club and the Club From Nowhere .
You probably answered yes to at least one , if not all , of these examples — but do n’t worry , you are not alone .
Within the glomerulus , the network of capillaries is called the glomerular capillary bed .
Foreign relations are certainly made smoother by the existence of cross - national voluntary associations like the United Nations , the Organization of American States , and the African Union .
Although the number of people supporting the war had dwindled by this time , Cronkite ’s commentary bolstered opposition .
5924 .
Given their focus on pursuing individual objectives , states with an individualistic mindset will tend to advance tax breaks as a way of trying to boost a state ’s economy or as a mechanism for promoting individual initiative and entrepreneurship .
In states where the voting rights of poor whites were less of a concern , another tool for disenfranchisement was the poll tax ( [ link ] ) .
3403 .
This may or may not be the same as the face value .
5278 .
1232 .
In February 1946 , George Kennan , a State Department official stationed at the U.S. embassy in Moscow , sent an eight - thousand - word message to Washington , DC .
If the courts find an action to be unconstitutional , it becomes null and void .
Worldwide , it is also used to irradiate food , an application that promises to grow in the future .
Most growth factors bind to cell - surface receptors that are linked to tyrosine kinases .
The meristematic region of tendrils is very touch sensitive ; light touch will evoke a quick coiling response .
At this point , when the initiator complex is assembled , the GTP is converted into GDP and energy is released .
2983 .
In contrast , a fibrous root system is located closer to the soil surface , and forms a dense network of roots that also helps prevent soil erosion ( lawn grasses are a good example , as are wheat , rice , and corn ) .
This very rare genetic disorder is known as congenital insensitivity to pain ( or congenital analgesia ) .
Chemically , these hormones are usually ketones or alcohols ; their chemical names will end in “ -ol ” for alcohols or “ -one ” for ketones .
A Bank ’s Balance SheetA balance sheet is an accounting tool that lists assets and liabilities .
537 .
The small intestine is a long tube - like organ with a highly folded surface containing finger - like projections called the villi .
Within each domain is a second category called a kingdom .
4754 .
A depressant is a drug that tends to suppress central nervous system activity .
However , following the War of 1812 , a huge increase in production resulted in the so - called cotton boom , and by midcentury , cotton became the key cash crop ( a crop grown to sell rather than for the farmer ’s sole use ) of the southern economy and the most important American commodity .
3262 .
The Daughters ’ non - importation movement broadened the protest against the Stamp Act , giving women a new and active role in the political dissent of the time .
It is called the zeroth law of thermodynamics . The Zeroth Law of Thermodynamics
Unfortunately , public opinion polls , which politicians may rely on when formulating policy or deciding how to vote on issues , capture only people ’s latent preferences or beliefs .
This type of inhibition is called allosteric inhibition ( [ link ] ) .
In June , General Gage resolved to take Breed ’s Hill and Bunker Hill , the high ground across the Charles River from Boston , a strategic site that gave the rebel militias an advantage since they could train their cannons on the British .
4718 .
2557 .
Still other viruses affect the plant by directly killing plant cells , a process known as cell necrosis .
After 1 day and 24 of these cycles , the population would have increased from 1000 to more than 16 billion .
The line - item veto gives governors the ability to strike out a line or individual portions of a bill while letting the remainder pass into law .
These animals possess a true coelom that is modified into a unique circulatory system called a water vascular system .
Five factors account for soil formation : parent material , climate , topography , biological factors , and time . Parent Material
Likewise , the pH of the local environment can also affect enzyme function .
Hitching a Ride : Omnibus Legislating in the U.S. Congress .
6575 .
6726 .
Based in part on the federal RFRA , the Supreme Court agreed 5–4 with Green and Hobby Lobby ’s position and said that Hobby Lobby and other closely held businesses did not have to provide employees free access to emergency contraception or other birth control if doing so would violate the religious beliefs of the business ’ owners , because there were other less restrictive ways the government could ensure access to these services for Hobby Lobby ’s employees ( e.g. , paying for them directly ) .
Although legislative changes over the years have altered it , the basic structure of the judicial branch remains as it was set early on : At the lowest level are the district courts , where federal cases are tried , witnesses testify , and evidence and arguments are presented .
The formal definition of acceleration is consistent with these notions , but more inclusive .
The humerus is the largest and longest bone of the upper limb and the only bone of the arm .
There are usually acknowledgment and reference sections as well as an abstract ( a concise summary ) at the beginning of the paper .
For example , due to their different chemical properties , butane is suited for use as a fuel for cigarette lighters and torches , whereas isobutene is suited for use as a refrigerant and a propellant in spray cans .
In the neoclassical model , the level of potential GDP ( and the natural rate of unemployment that exists when the economy is producing at potential GDP ) is determined by real economic factors .
1798 .
These nutrients are termed essential nutrients , meaning they must be eaten , and the body can not produce them .
In the tenth in a series of essays later known as The Federalist Papers , Virginian James Madison wrote : “ Democracies have ever been spectacles of turbulence and contention ; have ever been found incompatible with personal security or the rights of property ; and have in general been as short in their lives as they have been violent in their deaths . ”
As economists see it , trade surpluses can be either good or bad , depending on circumstances , and trade deficits can be good or bad , too .
By analyzing dreams , Freud thought people could increase self - awareness and gain valuable insight to help them deal with the problems they faced in their lives .
For example , Texas governor Greg Abbott made headlines in 2015 for writing to the CEO of General Electric ( GE ) , urging the company to relocate its corporate headquarters from Connecticut , which had just raised its corporate tax rate , to Texas .
When Elizabeth was 14 years old and fast asleep in her bed at home , she was abducted at knifepoint .
These platforms are usually the result of a negotiation between the various coalitions within the party and are designed to ensure that everyone in the party will receive some benefits if their candidates win the election .
In a process called latency , these viruses can exist in nervous tissue for long periods of time without producing new virions , only to leave latency periodically and cause lesions in the skin where the virus replicates .
4090 .
3640 .
Mammalian integument , or skin , includes secretory glands with various functions .
The age structure of a population is an important factor in population dynamics .
All of us experience fluctuations in our moods and emotional states , and often these fluctuations are caused by events in our lives .
6232 .
A stimulus reaches a physiological threshold when it is strong enough to excite sensory receptors and send nerve impulses to the brain : This is an absolute threshold .
This popular denial has had huge global consequences .
5186 .
Single - strand binding proteins coat the single strands of DNA near the replication fork to prevent the single - stranded DNA from winding back into a double helix .
1432 .
1788 .
This intermediary is the messenger RNA ( mRNA ) .
Whitney ’s machine tools to manufacture parts for muskets enabled guns to be manufactured and repaired by people other than skilled gunsmiths .
A second change from the price ceiling is that some of the producer surplus is transferred to consumers .
The key policy implication is this : Should the government focus more on long - term growth and on controlling inflation than on worrying about recession or cyclical unemployment ?
Deflation occurs when the rate of inflation is negative ; that is , instead of money having less purchasing power over time , as occurs with inflation , money is worth more .
5444 .
Fluorescent paint , dyes , and even soap residues in clothes make colors seem brighter in sunlight by converting some UV into visible light .
In fact , one of New York ’s first newspapers , the New York Weekly Journal , began under John Peter Zenger in 1733 with the goal of routing corruption in the colonial government .
Coming of age in the 1960s and early 1970s , the baby boom generation was the first group of children and teenagers with their own spending power and therefore their own marketing power ( Macunovich 2000 ) .
Bacteriophages are viruses that infect bacteria ( [ link ] ) .
Similarly , in some cases closely related organisms try to mate , but their reproductive structures simply do not fit together .
1887 .
1982 .
Dorsiflexion is a bending at the ankle such that the toes are lifted toward the knee .
Miranda v. Arizona , 384 U.S. 436 ( 1966 ) .
The excitement phase is the arousal phase of the sexual response cycle , and it is marked by erection of the penis or clitoris and lubrication and expansion of the vaginal canal .
The male reproductive organs , the stamens ( collectively called the androecium ) , surround the central carpel .
In addition to these expressed powers , the national government was given implied powers that , while not clearly stated , are inferred .
First , the Union victory put an end to the right of states to secede and to challenge legitimate national laws .
2919 .
Investors , along with the general public , withdrew their money from banks by the thousands , fearing the banks would go under .
521 .
The story of Robinson and Friday also provides a good opportunity to consider the law of comparative advantage , which you learn more about in the International Trade chapter .
Unlike caste systems , class systems are open .
The O horizon has freshly decomposing organic matter — humus — at its surface , with decomposed vegetation at its base .
[ link ] lists of all the ways in which 5 coins can be tossed , taking into account the order in which heads and tails occur .
The new wavefront is a line tangent to all of the wavelets .
The tooth is connected to the socket by a connective tissue referred to as the periodontal ligament .
4702 .
Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission , 08 - 205 , 558 U.S. 310 ( 2010 ) .
6358 .
In both diseases , the airways are less compliant and they are stiff or fibrotic .
Of all the political thinkers who influenced American beliefs about government , the most important is surely John Locke ( [ link ] ) .
Thalassemia is a rare genetic disease caused by a defect in either the alpha or the beta subunit of Hb .
In the case of Shelley v. Kraemer ( 1948 ) , the Supreme Court held that while such covenants did not violate the Fourteenth Amendment because they consisted of agreements between private citizens , their provisions could not be enforced by courts . Shelley v. Kraemer , 334 U.S. 1 ( 1948 ) .
5400 .
In 2013 , President Barack Obama nominated former Republican Senator Chuck Hagel to run the Department of Defense .
We note that a = rαa = rα size 12 { a = r α } { } , and we substitute this expression into F = ma F = ma size 12 { F = ital " ma " } { } , yielding F = mrα . F = mrα .
Nathan wonders if his mother actually read the book , and his mother is surprised she ca n’t recall the plot .
Today we have the advantage of knowing that normal matter is made of atoms , and that atoms contain positive and negative charges , usually in equal amounts .
Undigested remains ultimately are expelled from the cell via exocytosis . The stages of phagocytosis include the engulfment of a food particle , the digestion of the particle using hydrolytic enzymes contained within a lysosome , and the expulsion of undigested materials from the cell .
67 .
Particle - wave duality — the fact that all particles have wave properties — is one of the cornerstones of quantum mechanics .
Under the crop - lien system , store owners extended credit to farmers under the agreement that the debtors would pay with a portion of their future harvest .
Specialized feathers called down feathers are especially insulating , trapping air in spaces between each feather to decrease the rate of heat loss .
To gain attention for his policies , specifically the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act ( ARRA ) , Obama began traveling the United States to draw the media away from Congress and encourage discussion of his economic stimulus package .
In 1830 , Congress passed the Indian Removal Act , which forced Native Americans to move west of the Mississippi River .
Again , let ’s proceed with a concrete example .
Tertiary consumers are carnivores that eat other carnivores .
3587 .
2222 .
2007 .
2123 .
Years later , however , nothing of any significance had been done .
Indeed , many states with a history of voter discrimination quickly resumed restrictive practices with laws requiring photo ID and limiting early voting .
Some species like barnacles may be hermaphrodites .
The foreign policy environment from the end of World War II until the end of the Cold War in 1990 was dominated by a duel of superpowers between the United States and its Western allies on the one hand and the Soviet Union and the communist bloc of countries in the East on the other .
Chemoautotrophs are primarily bacteria that are found in rare ecosystems where sunlight is not available , such as in those associated with dark caves or hydrothermal vents at the bottom of the ocean ( [ link ] ) .
Finally , the writ of habeas corpus is used in our common - law legal system to demand that a neutral judge decide whether someone has been lawfully detained .
Merton explains that with a self - fulfilling prophecy , even a false idea can become true if it is acted upon .
In the 2016 presidential primary race , MoveOn tried to encourage Senator Elizabeth Warren ( D - MA ) to enter the race for the Democratic nomination ( [ link ] ) .
5291 .
( See [ link ] , [ link ] , and [ link ] . )
It is the steady state of a constant - voltage circuit .
The University of Michigan publishes a survey of consumer confidence and constructs an index of consumer confidence each month .
Over many generations , a symbiotic relationship can result in two organisms that depend on each other so completely that neither could survive on its own .
Nonetheless , southerners feared the influence of a vast Underground Railroad : the network of northern whites and free blacks who sympathized with runaway slaves and provided safe houses and safe passage from the South .
The 1970s had been the era of the hippie , and Newsweek magazine declared 1984 to be the “ year of the Yuppie . ” Yuppies , whose name derived from “ ( y ) oung , ( u ) rban ( p ) rofessionals , ” were akin to hippies in being young people whose interests , values , and lifestyle influenced American culture , economy , and politics , just as the hippies ’ credo had done in the late 1960s and 1970s .
Any substance that has free electrons and allows charge to move relatively freely through it is called a conductor .
The Bush administration also pushed the USA Patriot Act through Congress , which enabled law enforcement agencies to monitor citizens ’ e - mails and phone conversations without a warrant .
Osmoregulation is the process of maintenance of salt and water balance ( osmotic balance ) across membranes within the body ’s fluids , which are composed of water , plus electrolytes and non - electrolytes .
Feynman diagrams are not only a useful tool for visualizing interactions at the quantum mechanical level , they are also used to calculate details of interactions , such as their strengths and probability of occurring .
The monetary policy prescription for dealing with recession is straightforward : run an expansionary monetary policy to increase the quantity of money and loans , drive down interest rates , and increase aggregate demand .
Strobili are cone - like structures that contain sporangia .
A notable exception is the Federal Reserve in the United States , which does not practice inflation - targeting .
Spongy bone tissue does not contain osteons that constitute compact bone tissue .
4642 .
What is going on here is storage decay : unused information tends to fade with the passage of time .
If the FEV1 / FVC ratio is high , the lungs are not compliant ( meaning they are stiff and unable to bend properly ) , and the patient most likely has lung fibrosis .
An in - group is a group that we identify with or see ourselves as belonging to .
The TEMAS Multicultural Thematic Apperception Test is another tool designed to be culturally relevant to minority groups , especially Hispanic youths .
The ligand - binding domain is also called the extracellular domain .
3248 .
Laser printers use the xerographic process to make high - quality images on paper , employing a laser to produce an image on the photoconducting drum as shown in [ link ] .
The two groups are designed to be the same except for one difference — experimental manipulation .
Today , we often use the term loosely in describing a variety of unpleasant feeling states ; for example , we often say we are stressed out when we feel frustrated , angry , conflicted , overwhelmed , or fatigued .
All cells control or regulate the synthesis of proteins from information encoded in their DNA .
NATO was formed after World War II as the Cold War between East and West started to emerge .
1045 .
This method allows propagation of rare , endangered species that may be difficult to grow under natural conditions , are economically important , or are in demand as disease - free plants .
However , if the airline seeks to raise prices , the other oligopolists will not raise their prices , and so the firm that raised prices will lose a considerable share of sales .
The filament supports the anther , where the microspores are produced by meiosis and develop into pollen grains .
Signals within the nerve cells are propagated by fast - moving electrical impulses .
Despite his use of the word “ quarantine ” instead of “ blockade , ” for a blockade was considered an act of war , a potential war with the Soviet Union was nevertheless on the president ’s mind .
The basic rule of thumb was that designers sought to draw districts in which their preferred party had a 55 percent or better chance of winning a given district , regardless of which candidate the party nominated .
Albert Einstein , who had emigrated to the United States in 1933 to escape the Nazis , urged President Roosevelt to launch an American atomic research project , and Roosevelt agreed to do so , with reservations .
So far , the hydrocarbons we have discussed have been aliphatic hydrocarbons , which consist of linear chains of carbon atoms .
Once neurotransmitters are released into the synapse , they travel across the small space and bind with corresponding receptors on the dendrite of an adjacent neuron .
His cautious nature made him popular with his men but not with the president or Congress .
United States v. Eichman , 496 U.S. 310 ( 1990 ) .
Born in Virginia and educated in history and political science at Johns Hopkins University , Wilson became a respected intellectual in his fields with an interest in public service and a profound sense of moralism .
The subfield of environmental sociology studies the way humans interact with their environments .
Statistics on the balance of trade are compiled by the Bureau of Economic Analysis ( BEA ) within the U.S. Department of Commerce , using a variety of different sources .
1997 .
Formally , a lobbyist is someone who represents the interest organization before government , is usually compensated for doing so , and is required to register with the government in which he or she lobbies , whether state or federal .
Work is done by a force , and some forces , such as weight , have special characteristics .
In September 2009 , President Obama and Congress enacted a tariff ( taxes added on imported goods ) on tires imported from China that would increase the import price of Chinese tires by 35 percent in its first year , 30 percent in its second year , and 25 percent in its third year .
The slope of the budget constraint in a labor - leisure diagram is determined by the wage rate .
5535 .
Photoreceptors in the retina continuously undergo tonic activity .
( b ) Massive energy input excites atoms to a variety of states .
Before the Great Depression , the government offered little in terms of financial aid , social benefits , and economic rights .
1279 .
4089 .
Daniel Ellsberg famously released passages of the Papers to the press to show that the United States had secretly enlarged the scope of the war by bombing Cambodia and Laos among other deeds while lying to the American public about doing so .
These offspring were called the F1 , or the first filial ( filial = offspring , daughter or son ) , generation .
For example , the DSM-5 mentions that 41 % of people with obsessive - compulsive disorder ( OCD ) also meet the diagnostic criteria for major depressive disorder ( [ link ] ) .
On October 12 , 1492 , however , he made landfall on an island in the Bahamas .
166 .
6241 .
To produce large power , reactors contain hundreds to thousands of critical masses , and the chain reaction easily becomes self - sustaining , a condition called criticality .
This is in contrast to the transformational leader .
Conversely , when income falls , the most typical reaction is to purchase less of both goods .
These include the inflow of foreign financial capital from abroad .
5834 .
6214 .
1275 .
1692 .
The stigmatization of illness often has the greatest effect on the patient and the kind of care he or she receives .
4003 .
The Glorious Revolution also led to the English Toleration Act of 1689 , a law passed by Parliament that allowed for greater religious diversity in the Empire .
Pain that signals some type of tissue damage is known as inflammatory pain .
4520 .
The term auxin is derived from the Greek word auxein , which means " to grow . "
It is important to distinguish between de jure segregation ( segregation that is enforced by law ) and de facto segregation ( segregation that occurs without laws but because of other factors ) .
2761 .
1892 .
Trichomes are hair - like structures on the epidermal surface .
Shira Schoenberg .
Like the federal government , the states can not violate personal freedoms by suspending the writ of habeas corpus , passing bills of attainder , or enacting ex post facto laws .
How do you act on the first day of school , when you walk into an elevator , or are at a restaurant ?
Sometimes , shadow campaigns , run by political action committees and other organizations without the coordination or guidance of candidates , also use negative ads to reach voters .
It is designed to operate in a fact - based and nonpartisan manner to deliver important oversight information where and when it is needed .
868 .
If a student violates her college ’s code of conduct , for example , she might be expelled .
In general , stressors can be placed into one of two broad categories : chronic and acute .
2730 .
Psychopathology is the study of psychological disorders , including their symptoms , etiology ( i.e. , their causes ) , and treatment .
It is the primary international mechanism through which nations negotiate their trade rules — including rules about tariffs , quotas , and nontariff barriers .
In this socialization process , children are introduced to certain roles that are typically linked to their biological sex .
The creation of the Department of Homeland Security federalized disaster response power in Washington , and the Transportation Security Administration was created to federalize airport security .
An open primary allows all voters to vote .
Arthropods ( insects , crustaceans , and others ) have an outer skeleton , called the exoskeleton , which protects their internal body parts ( as seen in the bee in [ link ] ) .
Juliet Eilperin , “ 31 states have heightened religious freedom protections , ” Washington Post , 1 March 2014 . http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/the-fix/wp/2014/03/01/where-in-the-u-s-are-there-heightened-protections-for-religious-freedom/ .
5425 .
If you own a home , this is also considered an asset .
In fact , people acting in altruistic ways may disregard the personal costs associated with helping ( [ link ] ) .
Barack Obama ’s choice for a running mate and subsequent two - term vice president , former Senator Joseph Biden , was picked for his experience , especially in foreign policy .
The federal government also instituted the current tax - withholding system to ensure collection of taxes .
An agent of political socialization is a source of political information intended to help citizens understand how to act in their political system and how to make decisions on political matters .
The mesocarp is usually the fleshy , edible part of the fruit ; however , in some fruits , such as the almond , the endocarp is the edible part .
This is a metal shield that encloses a volume .
Because of the Fourteenth Amendment , state governments must protect this right also .
3888 .
29 .
Although its prescribed purpose was to revise the Articles of Confederation , a number of delegates charted a path toward disposing of the Articles entirely .
This is represented on the graph by a horizontal line at $ 18,000 .
Internally , the kidney has three regions — an outer cortex , a medulla in the middle , and the renal pelvis in the region called the hilum of the kidney .
People sacrificed a small portion of their freedom and consented to be ruled in exchange for the government ’s protection of their lives , liberty , and property .
Also during the Cold War , global inequality was described in terms of economic development .
The emission of these rays is called nuclear radioactivity or simply radioactivity .
We have previously discussed x rays as a part of the electromagnetic spectrum in Photon Energies and the Electromagnetic Spectrum .
4218 .
Stem cells elongate under influence of IAA .
2296 .
When the population size , N , is plotted over time , a J - shaped growth curve is produced ( [ link ] ) .
The Medicare payroll tax is also called a proportional tax ; that is , a flat percentage of all wages earned .
Fats are also called triacylglycerols or triglycerides because of their chemical structure .
Having entire genomes sequenced helps with the research efforts in these model organisms .
Citizens United overturned the soft money ban of the Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act and allowed corporations and unions to spend unlimited amounts of money on elections .
Turbulent flow , or turbulence , is characterized by eddies and swirls that mix layers of fluid together .
Workers in many low - income countries around the world labor under conditions that would be illegal for a worker in the United States .
These animals are called diploblasts .
Nearly all living organisms carry out glycolysis as part of their metabolism .
966 .
5332 .
6295 .
3283 .
4510 .
In recent years , methamphetamine ( meth ) use has become increasingly widespread .
5312 .
6057 .
Interaural level difference refers to the fact that a sound coming from the right side of your body is more intense at your right ear than at your left ear because of the attenuation of the sound wave as it passes through your head .
Apart from this and very few other exceptions , the president of the Senate does not actually operate in the Senate .
During operant conditioning , the behavioral response is modified by its consequences , with regards to its form , strength , or frequency .
Saddle joints allow angular movements similar to condyloid joints but with a greater range of motion .
6224 .
4351 .
John Dewey built on the idea of pragmatism to create a theory of instrumentalism , which advocated the use of education in the search for truth .
In other words , they show whether members of the species live close together or far apart , and what patterns are evident when they are spaced apart .
After taking office in 2009 , President Obama did not order the closing of Guantanamo Bay prison , even though his proposal to do so had garnered support during the 2008 election .
The systems interact and change because their temperatures differ , and the changes stop once their temperatures are the same .
This erroneous assumption is called the fundamental attribution error ( Ross , 1977 ; Riggio & Garcia , 2009 ) .
Part of the graphical technique is retained , because vectors are still represented by arrows for easy visualization .
705 .
A frontal plane ( also called a coronal plane ) separates the front from the back .
5039 .
5430 .
Chisholm v. Georgia , 2 U.S. 419 ( 1793 ) .
The neural plate undergoes a series of cell movements where it rolls up and forms a tube called the neural tube , as illustrated in [ link ] .
The Communications Act of 1934 replaced the Radio Act and created a more powerful entity to monitor the airwaves — a seven - member Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) to oversee both radio and telephone communication .
For instance , molecular biology and biochemistry study biological processes at the molecular and chemical level , including interactions among molecules such as DNA , RNA , and proteins , as well as the way they are regulated .
In a representative democracy , however , the citizens do not govern directly .
Shortly after takeoff on the morning of September 11 , 2001 , teams of hijackers from the Islamist terrorist group al - Qaeda seized control of four American airliners .
The sodium - potassium pump is , therefore , an electrogenic pump ( a pump that creates a charge imbalance ) , creating an electrical imbalance across the membrane and contributing to the membrane potential .
Electron capture is the third type of beta decay .
5907 .
Glial cells provide scaffolding on which the nervous system is built , help neurons line up closely with each other to allow neuronal communication , provide insulation to neurons , transport nutrients and waste products , and mediate immune responses .
Mendel examined the inheritance of genes with just two allele forms , but it is common to encounter more than two alleles for any given gene in a natural population .
It is less willing to tolerate interventions in the market place , even when they are designed to protect the markets themselves .
In the first level of compaction , short stretches of the DNA double helix wrap around a core of eight histone proteins at regular intervals along the entire length of the chromosome ( [ link ] ) .
6634 .
And , largely as a result of the Great Depression , people wanted ways of developing and protecting public goods that were fairer and more equitable than had existed before .
Scientists differentiate the various types of radiant energy from the sun within the electromagnetic spectrum .
They include general elections for president and statewide offices ( e.g. , governor and U.S. senator ) , and they are often organized and paid for by the states .
In 1998 , Seligman ( the same person who conducted the learned helplessness experiments mentioned earlier ) , who was then president of the American Psychological Association , urged psychologists to focus more on understanding how to build human strength and psychological well - being .
The first step was the issuance of the Emancipation Proclamation on January 1 , 1863 ( [ link ] ) .
5427 .
There was a lot to brag about .
976 .
This is sometimes called a cross section , and , if the transverse cut is at an angle , it is called an oblique plane .
Two alleles for a given gene in a diploid organism are expressed and interact to produce physical characteristics .
Venture capital firms make financial investments in new companies that are still relatively small in size , but that have potential to grow substantially .
But from the steam engine to the most cutting - edge robotic surgery tools , technology has described the application of science to address the problems of daily life .
Although these level lifetimes are short in human terms , they are many orders of magnitude longer than is typical and , thus , are said to be metastable , meaning relatively stable .
1338 .
THE PROCESS OF SCIENTIFIC RESEARCH
Rain , when it arrived , presented constant problems for these sod houses , with mud falling into food , and vermin , most notably lice , scampering across bedding ( [ link ] ) .
As with specific phobias , social anxiety disorder is common in the United States ; a little over 12 % of all Americans experience social anxiety disorder during their lifetime ( Kessler et al . , 2005 ) .
2533 .
This technique is used to monitor fetal heartbeat , measure blood velocity , and detect occlusions in blood vessels , for example .
People often complain about bureaucracies –– declaring them slow , rule - bound , difficult to navigate , and unfriendly .
Consumer surplus is the area labeled F — that is , the area above the market price and below the demand curve .
An asset is something of value that is owned and can be used to produce something .
5594 .
The French foreign minister , Charles - Maurice de Talleyrand , sent emissaries who told the American envoys that the United States must repay all outstanding debts owed to France , lend France 32 million guilders ( Dutch currency ) , and pay a £ 50,000 bribe before any negotiations could take place .
6838 .
Although hoarding was traditionally considered to be a symptom of OCD , considerable evidence suggests that hoarding represents an entirely different disorder ( Mataix - Cols et al . , 2010 ) .
5454 .
Of these , mandatory spending is the larger , consisting of about $ 2.3 trillion of the projected 2015 budget , or roughly 57 percent of all federal expenditures .
The challenge now was to integrate schools .
The early portion of stage 1 sleep produces alpha waves , which are relatively low frequency ( 8 – 13 Hz ) , high amplitude patterns of electrical activity ( waves ) that become synchronized ( [ link ] ) .
Other species , such as the Chytridiomycota that reside in the rumen of cattle , are are obligate anaerobes , in that they only use anaerobic respiration because oxygen will disrupt their metabolism or kill them .
Generalizing refers to the ability to apply the findings of a particular research project to larger segments of society .
1048 .
The operational definition identifies an observable condition of the concept .
Cognitive processes refer to all characteristics previously learned , including beliefs , expectations , and personality characteristics .
Certain parts of a bird ’s body are covered in down feathers , and the base of other feathers have a downy portion , whereas newly hatched birds are covered in down .
2515 .
3115 .
Many enveloped viruses enter the cell by receptor - mediated endocytosis in a fashion similar to some non - enveloped viruses .
5037 .
6163 .
For this reason , potential GDP is sometimes also called full - employment GDP .
It is how an organization is run , how it operates , and how it makes decisions — the industry in which the organization participates may have an influence .
This phase controls the rate of gastric emptying .
It contains the medulla , pons , and cerebellum ( [ link ] ) .
992 .
In some cases , individuals are under 30 inches in height .
Texas was sparsely settled , and the few Mexican farmers and ranchers who lived there were under constant threat of attack by hostile Indian tribes , especially the Comanche , who supplemented their hunting with raids in pursuit of horses and cattle .
A characteristic like cleft chin , for example , is influenced by a single gene from each parent .
The respiratory bronchioles subdivide into several alveolar ducts .
6619 .
She coordinated meetings between FDR and members of the NAACP , championed antilynching legislation , openly defied segregation laws , and pushed the Army Nurse Corps to allow black women in its ranks .
They therefore lack most of the components of cells , such as organelles , ribosomes , and the plasma membrane .
2538 .
Few Americans wished to participate in the devastating battles that ravaged Europe , and Wilson did not want to risk losing his reelection by ordering an unpopular military intervention .
Often credited with defining the modern court , clarifying its power , and strengthening its role , Marshall served in the chief ’s position for thirty - four years .
Some school districts voluntarily integrated their schools .
Companionate love , which is characteristic of close friendships and family relationships , consists of intimacy and commitment but no passion .
5374 .
For both defects , images in the distance are clear but images nearby are blurry .
They may remain dormant until environmental conditions are favorable .
5051 .
Zooplankton , protists , small fishes , and shrimp are found in the neritic zone and are the base of the food chain for most of the world ’s fisheries . Beyond the neritic zone is the open ocean area known as the oceanic zone ( [ link ] ) .
Each of these social facts serves one or more functions within a society .
Although using the scientific method is inherent to science , it is inadequate in determining what science is .
4515 .
155 .
1392 .
2072 .
On the other hand , if the budget deficits are increasing aggregate demand when the economy is producing substantially less than potential GDP , an inflationary increase in the price level is not much of a danger and the central bank might react with expansionary monetary policy .
1408 .
3440 .
2428 .
Nearsightedness , or myopia , is the inability to see distant objects clearly while close objects are clear .
Many countries that are now constitutional monarchies evolved from governments that were once considered absolute monarchies .
4980 .
3787 .
The structurally unemployed are individuals who have no jobs because they lack skills valued by the labor market , either because demand has shifted away from the skills they do have , or because they never learned any skills .
A half century later , British bacteriologist Frederick Griffith was perhaps the first person to show that hereditary information could be transferred from one cell to another “ horizontally , ” rather than by descent .
5060 .
Attractive forces between molecules of different types are called adhesive forces .
1633 .
What are the limits on how much higher pay they can receive ?
444 .
This includes those electrons originally excited to the metastable state and those that fell into it from above .
The fungi in the Phylum Basidiomycota are easily recognizable under a light microscope by their club - shaped fruiting bodies called basidia ( singular , basidium ) , which are the swollen terminal cell of a hypha .
This is a resonant phenomenon and when we tune radios or TV , we vary electrical properties to achieve appropriate resonant conditions in the antenna .
2910 .
Clearly , the motor had to work to get the stone spinning .
An eosinophil is a leukocyte that works with other eosinophils to surround a parasite ; it is involved in the allergic response and in protection against helminthes ( parasitic worms ) .
For example , nearly 51 percent of the U.S. population is female . United States Census Bureau .
AMNESIAAmnesia is the loss of long - term memory that occurs as the result of disease , physical trauma , or psychological trauma .
In March 2015 , Governor Kate Brown took another step to expand the voting franchise .
This constellation of physiological changes , known as the fight or flight response , allows the body access to energy reserves and heightened sensory capacity so that it might fight off a threat or run away to safety .
The common argument that bureaucratic regulation smothers capitalist innovation was especially powerful in the Cold War environment of the 1960s , 70s , and 80s .
In this field , results of studies tend to provide people with access to knowledge they did not have before — knowledge of other cultures , knowledge of rituals and beliefs , or knowledge of trends and attitudes .
A single wave is measured from two consecutive points , such as from crest to crest or from trough to trough ( [ link ] ) . 304 .
Depersonalization is defined as feelings of “ unreality or detachment from , or unfamiliarity with , one ’s whole self or from aspects of the self ” ( APA , 2013 , p. 302 ) .
She investigated how those who are mentally ill and poor were cared for , and she discovered an underfunded and unregulated system that perpetuated abuse of this population ( Tiffany , 1891 ) .
2160 .
The 369th Infantry , for example , known as the Harlem Hellfighters , served on the frontline of France for six months , longer than any other American unit .
Cryptochromes are another class of blue - light absorbing photoreceptors that also contain a flavin - based chromophore .
7056 .
974 .
It appears that all members of this family form arbuscular mycorrhizae : the hyphae interact with the root cells forming a mutually beneficial association where the plants supply the carbon source and energy in the form of carbohydrates to the fungus , and the fungus supplies essential minerals from the soil to the plant . The glomeromycetes do not reproduce sexually and do not survive without the presence of plant roots .
Sometimes small economies use the currency of an economically larger neighbor .
6776 .
By representing alleles in a linear map , Sturtevant suggested that genes can range from being perfectly linked ( recombination frequency = 0 ) to being perfectly unlinked ( recombination frequency = 0.5 ) when genes are on different chromosomes or genes are separated very far apart on the same chromosome .
In the 1960s and 1970s , the court decided two cases in which it laid out a general test for deciding similar cases in the future .
689 .
Consider the three zones of the SRAS curve as identified in [ link ] : the Keynesian zone , the neoclassical zone , and the intermediate zone . Keynes , Neoclassical , and Intermediate Zones in the Aggregate Supply CurveNear the equilibrium Ek , in the Keynesian zone at the far left of the SRAS curve , small shifts in AD , either to the right or the left , will affect the output level Yk , but will not much affect the price level .
First , the average number of citizens in a congressional district now tops 700,000 .
Approximately three to five percent of children and adults are affected by attention deficit / hyperactivity disorder ( ADHD ) .
6794 .
This amazing conclusion is based on the pioneering work of Edwin Hubble ( 1889–1953 ) , the American astronomer .
In addition to promoting immune tolerance of harmless antigens , other subsets of Treg cells are involved in the prevention of the autoimmune response , which is an inappropriate immune response to host cells or self - antigens .
Such programs are called the safety net , in recognition of the fact that they offer some protection for those who find themselves without jobs or income .
3362 .
835 .
The equilibrium price is the only price where the plans of consumers and the plans of producers agree — that is , where the amount of the product consumers want to buy ( quantity demanded ) is equal to the amount producers want to sell ( quantity supplied ) .
4002 .
302 .
Within the soil profile , soil scientists define zones called horizons .
A conductor placed in an electric field will be polarized .
2165 .
Metabolomics involves the study of small molecule metabolites found in an organism .
7098 .
Once sold to traders , all slaves sent to America endured the hellish Middle Passage , the transatlantic crossing , which took one to two months .
Integral proteins ( some specialized types are called integrins ) are , as their name suggests , integrated completely into the membrane structure , and their hydrophobic membrane - spanning regions interact with the hydrophobic region of the the phospholipid bilayer ( [ link ] ) .
The market in which people or firms use one currency to purchase another currency is called the foreign exchange market .
4332 .
5026 .
Wundt used introspection ( he called it “ internal perception ” ) , a process by which someone examines their own conscious experience as objectively as possible , making the human mind like any other aspect of nature that a scientist observed .
Additionally , the late 1890s saw the height of yellow journalism , in which newspapers such as the New York Journal , led by William Randolph Hearst , and the New York World , published by Joseph Pulitzer , competed for readership with sensationalistic stories .
This occasion , a Senate debate of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , was the only time the two men ever met .
2005 .
The rRNA ensures the proper alignment of the mRNA and the ribosomes ; the rRNA of the ribosome also has an enzymatic activity ( peptidyl transferase ) and catalyzes the formation of the peptide bonds between two aligned amino acids .
Single versus Multiple Reproductive EventsSome life history traits , such as fecundity , timing of reproduction , and parental care , can be grouped together into general strategies that are used by multiple species .
The second law of thermodynamics can be restated in terms of the Carnot cycle , and so what Carnot actually discovered was this fundamental law .
2172 .
In mid- 2009 , the U.S. minimum wage was raised to $ 7.25 per hour .
2351 .
Opponents of RFRA laws argued that individuals and businesses should be required , per Obergefell v. Hodges , to serve same - sex marriages on an equal basis as a matter of ensuring the civil rights of gays and lesbians , just as they would be obliged to cater or photograph an interracial marriage .
Positive polarity means that the genomic RNA can serve directly as mRNA .
936 .
If so , what might such predispositions be ?
21 .
As you learned in Environmental Protection and Negative Externalities , positive externalities are beneficial spillovers to a third party , or parties . Consider the example of the Big Drug Company , which is planning its R&D budget for the next year .
The proclamation that “ all men are created equal ” appears in the Declaration of Independence , and the due process clause of the Fifth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution requires that the federal government treat people equally .
Some infected cells , such as those infected by the common cold virus known as rhinovirus , die through lysis ( bursting ) or apoptosis ( programmed cell death or “ cell suicide ” ) , releasing all progeny virions at once .
A group of firms that have a formal agreement to collude to produce the monopoly output and sell at the monopoly price is called a cartel .
We will shortly come to see that this is significantly different in eukaryotes .
5494 .
Take , for example , water that you poured into the short , fat glass : You can pour water from the fat glass back to the thin glass and still have the same amount ( minus a couple of drops ) .
794 .
The second part is called the loop of Henle , or nephritic loop , because it forms a loop ( with descending and ascending limbs ) that goes through the renal medulla .
Presidential elections and the behavior of the U.S. Congress are also far more likely to make the news broadcasts than the activities of county commissioners , and the national - level party organization is mostly responsible for coordinating the activities of participants at this level .
The blood then continues through the rest of the body before arriving back at the atrium ; this is called systemic circulation .
You must hang on tightly to counteract the centrifugal force .
If not , then the most senior justice ruling with the majority chooses the writer .
This would mean that a given hair cell would fire action potentials related to the frequency of the sound wave .
Scientists describe groups of organisms becoming adapted to their environment when a change in the range of genetic variation occurs over time that increases or maintains the “ fit ” of the population to its environment .
A clear division of labor refers to the fact that within a bureaucracy , each individual has a specialized task to perform .
In many modern jobs , it is difficult to measure productivity at the individual level .
6704 .
Workers there rejected his midwestern Puritanism even more than his factory discipline , and the project ended in an epic failure .
Memory and identity become disturbed ; these disturbances have a psychological rather than physical cause . 4220 .
When tryptophan is not present in the cell , the repressor by itself does not bind to the operator ; therefore , the operon is active and tryptophan is synthesized .
The “ Invisible Empire of the South , ” or Ku Klux Klan , stands as the most notorious .
Some polls , however , have a different goal .
This dual domestic and international role has been described by the two presidencies thesis .
Eventually , as water reaches its boiling point of 100 ° Celsius ( 212 ° Fahrenheit ) , the heat is able to break the hydrogen bonds between the water molecules , and the kinetic energy ( motion ) between the water molecules allows them to escape from the liquid as a gas .
Our minds have a natural tendency to connect events that occur closely together or in sequence .
In the 2012 presidential election cycle , candidates for all parties raised a total of over $ 1.3 billion dollars for campaigns .
For an element to be regarded as essential , three criteria are required : 1 ) a plant can not complete its life cycle without the element ; 2 ) no other element can perform the function of the element ; and 3 ) the element is directly involved in plant nutrition .
Schools were long segregated by race until the Court ordered desegregation in Brown v. Board of Education ( 1954 ) , and even then , many stood in opposition and tried to block students at the entrances to all - white schools .
Both superpowers developed thousands of weapons of mass destruction and readied for a potential world war to be fought with nuclear weapons .
2012 .
She also established the foundations of what came to be known as the Office of the First Lady , complete with a news reporter , Liz Carpenter , as her press secretary .
That energy is relayed to the PSI reaction center ( called P700 ) .
2279 .
Reflective of the discipline ’s diversity is the diversity seen within the American Psychological Association ( APA ) .
Aggregate demand ( AD ) refers to the amount of total spending on domestic goods and services in an economy .
6508 .
The origin of replication is recognized by certain proteins that bind to this site .
The Federalists reasoned that the limited set of enumerated powers of Congress , along with the limitations on those powers in Article I , Section 9 , would suffice , and no separate bill of rights was needed .
Taste , also called gustation , and smell , also called olfaction , are the most interconnected senses in that both involve molecules of the stimulus entering the body and bonding to receptors .
Chondrocytes are found in spaces within the tissue called lacunae .
6962 .
Over time , these plates can break causing the bone to become less resilient .
4526 .
In hinge joints , the slightly rounded end of one bone fits into the slightly hollow end of the other bone .
Ligands and receptors exist in several varieties ; however , a specific ligand will have a specific receptor that typically binds only that ligand .
Just as a consumption function shows the relationship between consumption levels and real GDP ( or national income ) , the investment function shows the relationship between investment levels and real GDP .
The survey is one of the most widely used scientific research methods .
Repeated use of these stimulants can have significant adverse consequences .
5686 .
Most importantly , we have to learn language — whether it ’s the dominant language or one common in a subculture , whether it ’s verbal or through signs — in order to communicate and to think .
ShapingIn his operant conditioning experiments , Skinner often used an approach called shaping .
4707 .
The neurotransmitters are transported across the very small distances between nerve cells , which are called chemical synapses ( [ link ] ) .
7045 .
Carbon that was obtained from atmospheric CO2 composes the majority of the dry mass within most plants .
3969 .
1302 .
Baryons are hadrons that always decay to another baryon .
198 .
6178 .
We can contrast civil rights with civil liberties , which are limitations on government power designed to protect our fundamental freedoms .
The part of the embryonic axis that projects above the cotyledons is known as the epicotyl .
4871 .
For more on LBJ and the Great Society see : John A. Andrew .
This shape is called the plumule hook , and it persists as long as germination proceeds in the dark .
4095 .
3472 .
Biodiversity can be estimated at a number of levels of organization of living things .
Protostomes undergo spiral cleavage , meaning that the cells of one pole of the embryo are rotated , and thus misaligned , with respect to the cells of the opposite pole .
830 .
3136 .
The extra 15 tons of sugar production , shown by the horizontal gap between the demand curve and the supply curve in Brazil , is exported to the United States .
1770 .
Bill Clinton ’s average approval from 1993 to 2000 was 55.1 percent , including the months surrounding the Monica Lewinsky scandal and his subsequent impeachment .
Graphically , a negative slope means that , as the line on the line graph moves from left to right , the line falls .
Under the act , tribes assumed control of programs that had formerly been controlled by the BIA , such as education and resource management , and the federal government provided the funding .
This means they are intended to be drawn from local populations around the country so they can speak for and make decisions for those local populations , their constituents , while serving in their respective legislative houses .
5652 .
Are we who we are because of nature ( biology and genetics ) , or are we who we are because of nurture ( our environment and culture ) ?
7067 .
5724 .
That is why sociologists are careful to define their terms .
The CCC provided government jobs for young men aged fourteen to twenty - four who came from relief families .
Measurements of physical quantities are expressed in terms of units , which are standardized values .
Before going into detail about these categories , notice that total GDP measured according to what is produced is exactly the same as the GDP measured by looking at the five components of demand .
2136 .
1636 .
This system is called O*Net ( accessible at www.online.onetcenter.org ) .
As discussed earlier , many conservative Christians have also argued that they should not have to recognize same - sex marriages because they consider homosexuality to be a sin . 5806 .
An EM wave , such as light , is a transverse wave .
A checking account typically pays little or no interest , but it facilitates transactions by giving you easy access to your money , either by writing a check or by using a debit card ( that is , a card which works like a credit card , except that purchases are immediately deducted from your checking account rather than being billed separately through a credit card company ) .
6938 .
They learn to understand interactions involving different people with a variety of purposes .
The first act undertaken by the new president — the delivery of an inaugural address — can do much to set the tone for what is intended to follow .
In the scientific community , facts can be established only using evidence collected through empirical research . THE PROCESS OF SCIENTIFIC RESEARCH
1950 .
The rise of the primary system during the Progressive Era came at the cost of party regulars ’ control of the process of candidate selection .
This is part of the theory of quark confinement , which explains how quarks can exist and yet never be isolated or directly observed .
3332 .
2611 .
3091 .
While globalization refers to the integration of markets , diffusion relates to a similar process in the integration of international cultures .
Most mammals have heterodont teeth , meaning that they have different types and shapes of teeth rather than just one type and shape of tooth .
Concerned that he might be violating the powers of the office , Jefferson rationalized that his not facing impeachment charges constituted Congress ’s tacit approval of his actions .
Beginning at 6:30 a.m. , some twenty - four thousand British , Canadian , and American troops waded ashore along a fifty - mile piece of the Normandy coast ( [ link ] ) .
However , as the niece of one president and the wife of another , it was Eleanor Roosevelt in the 1930s and 1940s who opened the door for first ladies to do something more .
It also called for more lenient divorce laws and an end to sex discrimination in employment .
6871 .
Warren Harding was the first president to regularly give speeches over the radio .
A taste bud is a cluster of gustatory receptors ( taste cells ) that are located within the bumps on the tongue called papillae ( singular : papilla ) ( illustrated in [ link ] ) .
2957 .
5398 .
This technique uses a therapeutic process of play to “ help clients prevent or resolve psychosocial difficulties and achieve optimal growth ” ( O’Connor , 2000 , p. 7 ) .
Dred Scott ( [ link ] ) , born a slave in Virginia in 1795 , had been one of the thousands forced to relocate as a result of the massive internal slave trade and taken to Missouri , where slavery had been adopted as part of the Missouri Compromise .
Medication can lower blood pressure and lower the set point in the system to a more healthy level .
No sooner had the presidency been established than the occupants of the office , starting with George Washington , began acting in ways that expanded both its formal and informal powers .
These water - filled channels allow small signaling molecules , called intracellular mediators , to diffuse between the two cells .
1267 .
Air enters the lungs through the two primary ( main ) bronchi ( singular : bronchus ) .
As economies grew and became more global in nature , the use of commodity monies became more cumbersome .
As a result , movements in exchange rates can have a powerful effect on incentives to export and import , and thus on aggregate demand in the economy as a whole .
In addition to the osculum , sponges have multiple pores called ostia on their bodies that allow water to enter the sponge .
1220 .
Mitochondria ( singular = mitochondrion ) are often called the “ powerhouses ” or “ energy factories ” of a cell because they are responsible for making adenosine triphosphate ( ATP ) , the cell ’s main energy - carrying molecule .
1689 .
It was originally thought that the proteins themselves were responsible for the folding process .
Dead spaces can severely impact breathing , because they reduce the surface area available for gas diffusion .
841 .
Cross - pollination is the transfer of pollen from the anther of one flower to the stigma of another flower on a different individual of the same species .
To cover war up close , more journalists are asking to travel with troops during armed conflict .
As a result , many women view the Republican Party as unsympathetic to their interests and are more likely to support Democratic candidates . Aaron Blake , “ The Ten Most Loyal Demographic Groups for Republicans and Democrats . ” Similarly ( or simultaneously ) , groups that have felt that the party has served their causes in the past may decide to look elsewhere if they feel their needs are no longer being met .
Genetic diversity is one of those alternate concepts .
The act of getting information out of memory storage and back into conscious awareness is known as retrieval .
The unconscious i d contains our most primitive drives or urges , and is present from birth .
Brad Bryant and Kay Curtis , eds . December 2013 .
2965 .
Now , focus your attention on the neoclassical zone of the SRAS curve , which is the near - vertical portion on the right - hand side .
By focusing on the short - run adjustments of aggregate demand , Keynesian economics risks overlooking the long - term causes of economic growth or the natural rate of unemployment that exists even when the economy is producing at potential GDP .
These are areas of the country , usually with access to a port where , among other benefits , the government does not tax trade .
103 .
The FCC also maintains indecency regulations over television , radio , and other broadcasters , which limit indecent material and keep the public airwaves free of obscene material .
The arrangement of leaves on a stem is known as phyllotaxy .
The simplest compound microscope is constructed from two convex lenses as shown schematically in [ link ] .
While many sociologists rely on the scientific method as a research approach , others operate from an interpretive framework .
In this condition , currents about 1 / 1000 those listed in [ link ] produce similar effects .
People listen to authority figures because they feel that these individuals are worthy of respect .
An aggregate fruit is one that develops from more than one carpel , but all are in the same flower : the mature carpels fuse together to form the entire fruit , as seen in the raspberry .
In the actual foreign exchange market , almost all of the trading for Mexican pesos is done for U.S. dollars .
P680 ’s missing electron is replaced by extracting a low - energy electron from water ; thus , water is split and PSII is re - reduced after every photoact .
Multiple Intelligences Theory was developed by Howard Gardner , a Harvard psychologist and former student of Erik Erikson .
Echinodermata are exclusively marine organisms .
Such divergent evolution can be seen in the forms of the reproductive organs of flowering plants which share the same basic anatomies ; however , they can look very different as a result of selection in different physical environments and adaptation to different kinds of pollinators ( [ link ] ) .
996 .
From this perspective , then , who we are depends on nature .
A bank takes some of the money it has received in deposits and uses the money to buy bonds — typically bonds issued by the U.S. government .
This has been particularly true for the Democratic Party .
The end of the Cold War opened up old wounds as a variety of smaller European countries sought independence and old ethnic conflicts reappeared .
In 1993 , in response to this decision , Congress passed a law known as the Religious Freedom Restoration Act ( RFRA ) , which was followed in 2000 by the Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act after part of the RFRA was struck down by the Supreme Court .
A small energy input is required to achieve this contorted state .
6961 .
408 .
A checking account typically pays little or no interest , but it facilitates transactions by giving you easy access to your money , either by writing a check or by using a debit card ( that is , a card which works like a credit card , except that purchases are immediately deducted from your checking account rather than being billed separately through a credit card company ) .
The result would be downward pressure on the price level , but very little reduction in output or very little rise in unemployment .
The skeletal system of mammals possesses many unique features .
Water can enter into the spongocoel from numerous pores in the body wall .
Coevolution of flowering plants and insects is a hypothesis that has received much attention and support , especially because both angiosperms and insects diversified at about the same time in the middle Mesozoic .
These colleagues are qualified individuals , often experts in the same research area , who judge whether or not the scientist ’s work is suitable for publication .
After the extinction of Enantiornithes , modern birds became the dominant bird , with a large radiation occurring during the Cenozoic Era .
Both Whigs and Democrats jockeyed for election victories and commanded the steady loyalty of political partisans .
A recent example of the military use of force was the U.S. role in enforcing a no - fly zone over Libya in 2011 , which included kinetic strikes — or active engagement of the enemy — to protect anti - government forces on the ground .
One type of geographic variation , called a cline , can be seen as populations of a given species vary gradually across an ecological gradient .
5699 .
Amalgamation is the process by which a minority group and a majority group combine to form a new group .
The descending limb is permeable to water , not solutes ; the opposite is true for the ascending limb . 1818 .
But over the next few decades genetics and evolution were integrated in what became known as the modern synthesis — the coherent understanding of the relationship between natural selection and genetics that took shape by the 1940s and is generally accepted today .
ViroidsViroids are plant pathogens : small , single - stranded , circular RNA particles that are much simpler than a virus .
In Brazil , without trade , the equilibrium price of sugar is 12 cents per pound and the equilibrium output is 30 tons .
The Koran contained his message , affirming monotheism but identifying Christ not as God but as a prophet like Moses , Abraham , David , and Muhammad .
The NNP can be further subdivided into national income , which includes all income to businesses and individuals , and personal income , which includes only income to people .
4894 .
A healthy democratic society is expected to be filled with citizens who vote regularly and participate in the electoral process .
He had also strongly opposed the Affordable Care Act while showcasing his family side by reading Green Eggs and Ham aloud in a filibuster attack on the act . “Cruz Filibusters with ‘ Green Eggs and Ham , ’ ‘ Redneck Rules , ’ ” 30 July 2015 , http://abcnews.go.com/GMA/video/tea-party-senator-ted-cruz-filibusters-attack-obamacare-20366644 .
We see the emergence of global assembly lines , where products are assembled over the course of several international transactions .
In passive transport , substances move from an area of higher concentration to an area of lower concentration .
In hard - hit Oklahoma , thousands of farmers packed up what they could and walked or drove away from the land they thought would be their future .
1777 .
Carbohydrates are , in fact , an essential part of our diet ; grains , fruits , and vegetables are all natural sources of carbohydrates .
Peer - reviewed manuscripts are scientific papers that are reviewed by a scientist ’s colleagues , or peers .
In the court of public opinion , Federalists appeared to have been correct in their interpretation of France , while the pro - French Democratic - Republicans had been misled .
The production of sperm is called spermatogenesis and the production of eggs is called oogenesis .
The visible spectrum is the portion of the larger electromagnetic spectrum that we can see .
In this chapter , we revisit fiscal policy , which was first covered in Welcome to Economics !
Another factor that seems to be important in fostering a deep sense of well - being is the ability to derive flow from the things we do in life .
This occurs , for instance , when an animal migrates to a higher altitude than it is accustomed to .
This is due to the body ’s ability to partially repair the damage .
They are also called chimeric molecules because the origin of different parts of the molecules can be traced back to different species of biological organisms or even to chemical synthesis .
Participants are the subjects of psychological research , and as the name implies , individuals who are involved in psychological research actively participate in the process .
When social movements link their goals to the goals of other social movements and merge into a single group , a frame alignment process ( Snow et al .
4925 .
“ Shanghai Children ’s Value Socialization and Its Change : A Comparative Analysis of Primary School Textbooks . ” China Media Research 6 ( 3 ) : 36–43 .
Amphibians are vertebrate tetrapods .
5906 .
In essence , this is retrospective voting , but it requires little of the voter .
80 .
As indicated in the beginning of the chapter , the production of the iPhone involves the design and engineering of the phone in the United States , parts supplied from Korea , the assembly of the parts in China , and the advertising and marketing done in the United States .
There is a single path through the chain .
What are some everyday ways we can improve our memory , including recall ?
In addition , once employees are hired , industrial psychology studies and develops ways to train , evaluate , and respond to those evaluations .
The strategy was to get the ambitious politician out of the way while still taking advantage of his popularity .
Loftus also developed the misinformation effect paradigm , which holds that after exposure to incorrect information , a person may misremember the original event .
4495 .
5451 .
Another skeletal modification found in most birds is the fusion of the two clavicles ( collarbones ) , forming the furcula or wishbone .
The Twenty - Second Amendment , added in 1955 , limits the president to two terms in office , and the Twenty - Seventh Amendment , first submitted for ratification in 1789 , regulates the implementation of laws regarding salary increases or decreases for members of Congress .
A dimer is a chemical compound formed when two molecules ( often identical ) join together .
However , nemertini have been recorded in freshwater and terrestrial habitats as well .
989 .
No unified national police force exists in the United States , although there are federal law enforcement officers .
The word “ kinematics ” comes from a Greek term meaning motion and is related to other English words such as “ cinema ” ( movies ) and “ kinesiology ” ( the study of human motion ) .
However , a major criticism of Freud ’s theories is that many of his ideas are not falsifiable ; for example , it is impossible to imagine empirical observations that would disprove the existence of the i d , the ego , and the superego — the three elements of personality described in Freud ’s theories .
5199 .
According to this theory , hopelessness is an expectation that unpleasant outcomes will occur or that desired outcomes will not occur , and there is nothing one can do to prevent such outcomes .
The labia majora derive from the same tissue that produces the scrotum in a male .
3184 .
Some of them follow the classic pattern of acute disease , where symptoms get increasingly worse for a short period followed by the elimination of the virus from the body by the immune system and eventual recovery from the infection .
Emergent norm theory asserts that , in this circumstance , people perceive and respond to the crowd situation with their particular ( individual ) set of norms , which may change as the crowd experience evolves .
5017 .
The election of Ronald Reagan heralded the advent of a “ devolution revolution ” in U.S. federalism , in which the president pledged to return authority to the states according to the Constitution .
Because two sides of the loop of Henle perform opposing functions , as illustrated in [ link ] , it acts as a countercurrent multiplier .
The space between these layers , the intrapleural space , contains a small amount of fluid that protects the tissue and reduces the friction generated from rubbing the tissue layers together as the lungs contract and relax .
As an example of the Frankenstein veto , when an appropriations bill was sent to Wisconsin governor James E. Doyle for signature in 2005 , Doyle scrapped over seven hundred words from a passage that would have appropriated millions of dollars to transportation .
6658 .
Nodes are points of attachment for leaves , aerial roots , and flowers .
Stated in words , Archimedes ’ principle is as follows : The buoyant force on an object equals the weight of the fluid it displaces .
To understand the potential impact of crowding out , consider the situation of the U.S. economy before the exceptional circumstances of the recession that started in late 2007 .
2053 .
It plays a role in memory formation and includes parts of the thalamus and hypothalamus as well as the hippocampus .
Natural concepts are created “ naturally ” through your experiences and can be developed from either direct or indirect experiences .
Because of Technotron ’s new technology — which in this case is importing goods from another county — other firms in this industry will lose money and lay off workers .
2409 .
Derealization is conceptualized as a sense of “ unreality or detachment from , or unfamiliarity with , the world , be it individuals , inanimate objects , or all surroundings ” ( APA , 2013 , p. 303 ) .
4414 .
This depolarization is called an excitatory postsynaptic potential ( EPSP ) and makes the postsynaptic neuron more likely to fire an action potential .
Some languages contain a system of symbols used for written communication , while others rely on only spoken communication and nonverbal actions .
Black voter registration in the late 1860s and the ratification of the Fifteenth Amendment finally brought what Lincoln had characterized as “ a new birth of freedom . ”
King v. Burwell , 576 U.S. _ _ _ ( 2015 ) ; Gallup Polling . 2015 .
Subjective poverty describes poverty that is composed of many dimensions ; it is subjectively present when your actual income does not meet your expectations and perceptions .
1348 .
6809 .
Prokaryotes are single - celled or colonial organisms that do not have membrane - bound nuclei ; in contrast , the cells of eukaryotes do have membrane - bound organelles and a membrane - bound nucleus .
4410 .
The person is stuck — but she just needs to go to another doorway , instead of trying to get out through the locked doorway .
After 10 sessions in the maze without reinforcement , food was placed in a goal box at the end of the maze .
Anapsids have no temporal fenestrae , synapsids have one , and diapsids have two .
This is a decrease from 77 percent in 1980 ( U.S. Census 2011 ) .
An epidemic is a disease that occurs in an unusually high number of individuals in a population at the same time .
The space between the arachnoid and pia maters is filled with cerebrospinal fluid ( CSF ) .
The insertion of one or two nucleotides completely changed the triplet reading frame , thereby altering the message for every subsequent amino acid ( [ link ] ) .
Assimilation describes the process by which a minority individual or group gives up its own identity by taking on the characteristics of the dominant culture .
The endoplasmic reticulum ( ER ) ( [ link ] ) is a series of interconnected membranous sacs and tubules that collectively modifies proteins and synthesizes lipids .
Plasma cells and CTLs are collectively called effector cells : they represent differentiated versions of their naïve counterparts , and they are involved in bringing about the immune defense of killing pathogens and infected host cells .
These cells are incredibly large , with diameters of up to 100 µm and lengths of up to 30 cm .
Broad new federal policies and mandates have also been carried out in the form of the Faith - Based Initiative and No Child Left Behind ( during the George W. Bush administration ) and the Affordable Care Act ( during Barack Obama ’s administration ) .
These may include prison or a rehabilitation center .
If no labor union existed in this market , then equilibrium ( E ) in the labor market would occur at the intersection of the demand for labor ( D ) and the supply of labor ( S ) in [ link ] .
[ link ] ( a ) illustrates this situation .
Rather , their metabolism is slowed in response to cold temperatures , and the animal is very sluggish .
Rogers ( 1951 ) also felt that therapists should demonstrate genuineness , empathy , and acceptance toward their clients because this helps people become more accepting of themselves , which results in personal growth .
Science may be better defined as fields of study that attempt to comprehend the nature of the universe .
If you use a crowbar to break into a car , you are committing a nonviolent crime ; if you mug someone with the crowbar , you are committing a violent crime .
A survey targets a specific population , people who are the focus of a study , such as college athletes , international students , or teenagers living with type 1 ( juvenile - onset ) diabetes .
Note that in our example , we have only two vectors , so we have finished placing arrows tip to tail .
The sarcolemma is the site of action potential conduction , which triggers muscle contraction .
However , a lobby group , Health Care for America Now ( HCAN ) , was financed by labor unions and community groups and was organized to offset corporate lobbying .
The principle that voluntary exchange benefits both buyers and sellers is a fundamental building block of the economic way of thinking .
National Socialist Party of America v. Village of Skokie , 432 U.S. 43 ( 1977 ) ; Snyder v. Phelps , 562 U.S. 443 ( 2011 ) .
At this convention , she made the acquaintance of another American female abolitionist , Lucretia Mott ( [ link ] ) , who was also appalled by the male reformers ’ treatment of women .
The primary role of the rectum is to store the feces until defecation .
Known as the Silent Sentinels ( [ link ] ) , Paul and her group picketed outside the White House for nearly two years , starting in 1917 .
A year later , the U.S. Supreme Court ordered southern school systems to begin desegregation “ with all deliberate speed . ”
421 .
For example , M2 includes savings deposits in banks , which are bank accounts on which you can not write a check directly , but from which you can easily withdraw the money at an automatic teller machine or bank .
Under original jurisdiction , a case is heard for the first time , whereas under appellate jurisdiction , a court hears a case on appeal from a lower court and may change the lower court ’s decision .
World War I , fundamentalism , and the Red Scare — a pervasive American fear of Communist infiltrators prompted by the success of the Bolshevik Revolution — all left their mark on these intellectuals .
Abraham Lincoln , a member of Congress at the time , was critical of Polk ’s actions .
Until then , you will be introduced to one of the most controversial psychological studies ever conducted .
Because of it , the brain can act .
A group that we do n’t belong to , or an out - group , is a group that we view as fundamentally different from us .
The best understood negative regulatory molecules are retinoblastoma protein ( Rb ) , p53 , and p21 .
Modern household and industrial wiring requires the three - wire system , shown schematically in [ link ] , which has several safety features .
The final type , acting crowds , focuses on a specific goal or action , such as a protest movement or riot . In addition to the different types of crowds , collective groups can also be identified in two other ways .
939 .
Facing considerable opposition to the Constitution in that state , Alexander Hamilton , James Madison , and John Jay wrote a series of essays , beginning in 1787 , arguing for a strong federal government and support of the Constitution ( [ link ] ) .
Through the City Beautiful movement , leaders such as Frederick Law Olmsted and Daniel Burnham sought to champion middle- and upper - class progressive reforms .
Signals from distant cells are called endocrine signals , and they originate from endocrine cells .
4842 .
2249 .
The beliefs and attitudes that led to the call for independence had long been an important part of colonial life .
Social surplus is larger at equilibrium quantity and price than it would be at any other quantity .
Sociologist Edwin Lemert expanded on the concepts of labeling theory and identified two types of deviance that affect identity formation .
The megaspores and the female gametophytes are produced and protected by the thick tissues of the carpel .
These allow side - to - side movement of the jaw , making chewing possible , which is unique to mammals .
In group therapy , a clinician meets together with several clients with similar problems ( [ link ] ) .
Genes affect more than our physical characteristics .
Bilaterally symmetrical , triploblastic eucoelomates can be further divided into two groups based on differences in their early embryonic development .
The goal of homeostasis is the maintenance of equilibrium around a point or value called a set point .
4529 .
545 . coli .
The stem may be buried underground as a rhizome , from which adventitious roots grow to absorb water and nutrients from the soil ; or , they may grow above ground as a trunk in tree ferns ( [ link ] ) .
For example , United for Medical Research , a coalition of groups that seek funding for the National Institutes of Health , ( which is supported by federal grants ) , states : “ NIH - supported research added $ 69 billion to our GDP and supported seven million jobs in 2011 alone . ” The United States remains the leading sponsor of medical - related research spending $ 117 billion in 2011 .
Free expression — although a broad right — is subject to certain constraints to balance it against the interests of public order .
Mutations can also be the result of the addition of a base , known as an insertion , or the removal of a base , also known as deletion .
2955 .
In another postzygotic situation , reproduction leads to the birth and growth of a hybrid that is sterile and unable to reproduce offspring of their own ; this is called hybrid sterility .
The Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission
5632 .
In other words , it must show there was a very good reason for the law in question and that the law was the only feasible way of achieving that goal .
Gentrification occurs when members of the middle and upper classes enter and renovate city areas that have been historically less affluent while the poor urban underclass are forced by resulting price pressures to leave those neighborhoods for increasingly decaying portions of the city .
For example , imagine what would happen if government statisticians first counted the value of tires produced by a tire manufacturer , and then counted the value of a new truck sold by an automaker that contains those tires .
It is useful to define the ratio of the density of an object to a fluid ( usually water ) as specific gravity :
( credit a : modification of work by Leiff Josefsen ; credit b : modification of work by Matthew Keane , U.S. Navy )
How can the energy released from one reaction be compared to that of another reaction ?
People who exist in the same place at the same time but who do not interact or share a sense of identity — such as a bunch of people standing in line at Starbucks — are considered an aggregate , or a crowd .
There is no such reduction in ploidy level during mitosis .
3887 .
654 .
Microgravity refers to an environment in which the apparent net acceleration of a body is small compared with that produced by Earth at its surface .
Perception of frequency is called pitch .
Section Summary
4001 .
3850 .
1723 .
( a ) A Punnett square is a tool used to predict how genes will interact in the production of offspring .
5262 .
For example , in developed countries children begin school around 5 or 6 years old , but in developing countries , like Nigeria , children often enter school at an advanced age , if at all ( Huebler , 2005 ; United Nations Educational , Scientific , and Cultural Organization [ UNESCO ] , 2013 ) .
A monetary policy that lowers interest rates and stimulates borrowing is known as an expansionary monetary policy or loose monetary policy .
PRRs are molecules on macrophages and dendritic cells which are in contact with the external environment .
The smooth endoplasmic reticulum ( SER ) is continuous with the RER but has few or no ribosomes on its cytoplasmic surface ( [ link ] ) .
Thus , while states could not deny African American men the right to vote on the basis of race , they could deny it to women on the basis of sex or to people who could not prove they were literate .
Sanctions can be positive as well as negative .
Wavelength refers to the length of a wave from one peak to the next .
But unlike instincts and reflexes , learned behaviors involve change and experience : learning is a relatively permanent change in behavior or knowledge that results from experience .
Under the three - fifths compromise in the 1787 Constitution , each slave would be counted as three - fifths of a person , so that three - fifths of the slave population would be counted toward the overall state population .
A balanced production of growth hormone is critical for proper development .
828 .
After the war , Hovland continued his exploration of persuasion at Yale University .
Animal cells have another set of organelles not found in plant cells : lysosomes .
Supercentenarians are people living to 110 years or more .
President Ronald Reagan , shown here giving one of his most famous speeches in Berlin , was an expert at using technology to help mold and project his presidential image to the public .
5880 .
Deuterostomes include more complex animals such as chordates but also some simple animals such as echinoderms .
5306 .
Flow is described as a particular experience that is so engaging and engrossing that it becomes worth doing for its own sake ( Csikszentmihalyi , 1997 ) .
Firms that shrink their operations are often responding to finding itself in the diseconomies region , thus moving back to a lower average cost at a lower output level .
Michael Les Benedict . 1973 .
( Source : Federal Reserve Economic Data ( FRED ) https://research.stlouisfed.org/fred2/series/DEXJPUS ) The line 's variations represent the volatility of exchange rates .
Executive Order 9066 , signed by Roosevelt on February 19 , 1942 , gave the army power to remove people from “ military areas ” to prevent sabotage or espionage .
The arrangement of veins in a leaf is called the venation pattern .
Employees function better under leadership that allows them to participate in , and provide input about , setting their personal and work goals .
In this type of war , armies often make no distinction between civilian and military targets .
3386 .
The opportunity cost would be the healthcare society has to give up .
For example , United for Medical Research , a coalition of groups that seek funding for the National Institutes of Health , ( which is supported by federal grants ) , states : “ NIH - supported research added $ 69 billion to our GDP and supported seven million jobs in 2011 alone . ”
Mendel performed seven monohybrid crosses involving contrasting traits for each characteristic .
6040 .
“ The Federal Budget in 2015 : An Infographic , ” 6 January 2016 . www.cbo.gov/publication/51110 ( March 1 , 2016 ) . .
Ependymal cells line fluid - filled ventricles of the brain and the central canal of the spinal cord .
To try to regain a seat in the legislature once the limit has been met , the member will have to wait to run for office again .
Although the ERA failed to be ratified , Title IX of the United States Education Amendments of 1972 passed into law as a federal statute ( not as an amendment , as the ERA was meant to be ) .
3402 .
2845 .
3335 .
Each lung is surrounded by an invaginated sac .
Biomagnification is the increasing concentration of persistent , toxic substances in organisms at each trophic level , from the primary producers to the apex consumers .
This very direct method of phosphorylation is called substrate - level phosphorylation .
Known as Shays ’ Rebellion , the incident panicked the governor of Massachusetts , who called upon the national government for assistance .
4071 .
Behavior is the change in activity of an organism in response to a stimulus .
The court upheld the “ show me your papers ” provision , which authorizes police officers to check the immigration status of anyone they stop or arrest who they suspect is an illegal immigrant . Arizona v. United States , 567 U.S. _ _ ( 2012 ) .
The best known of these regional trading agreements is the European Union .
Block grants come with less stringent federal administrative conditions and provide recipients more flexibility over how to spend grant funds .
Plants have a number of sophisticated uses for light that go far beyond their ability to photosynthesize low - molecular - weight sugars using only carbon dioxide , light , and water .
While any valid measure is by necessity reliable , the reverse is not necessarily true .
1563 .
553 .
4776 .
The Banking Act of 1935 was the most far - reaching revision of banking laws since the creation of the Federal Reserve System in 1914 .
Excess nitrogen is excreted from the body .
A circadian rhythm is a biological rhythm that takes place over a period of about 24 hours .
While productivity growth was high in 2009 and 2010 ( around 3 % ) , it has slowed down since then .
Beginning in 1789 when there were just thirteen , the district courts became the basic organizational units of the federal judicial system .
These include the power to levy and collect taxes , declare war , raise an army and navy , coin money , borrow money , regulate commerce among the states and with foreign nations , establish federal courts and bankruptcy rules , establish rules for immigration and naturalization , and issue patents and copyrights .
That is , representation refers to an elected leader ’s looking out for his or her constituents while carrying out the duties of the office . Steven S. Smith .
RFLPs ( sometimes pronounced “ rif - lips ” ) are detected when the DNA of an individual is cut with a restriction endonuclease that recognizes specific sequences in the DNA to generate a series of DNA fragments , which are then analyzed by gel electrophoresis .
Heterospory is observed in a few seedless vascular plants and in all seed plants .
Although the United States has one of the safest food supplies in the world , the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) has reported that “ 76 million people get sick , more than 300,000 are hospitalized , and 5,000 Americans die each year from foodborne illness . ”
6663 .
1059 .
In some nemertine species , a pilidium larva may develop inside the young worm , from a series of imaginal discs .
3147 .
The stock of a company is divided into shares .
Their model of human memory ( [ link ] ) , called Atkinson - Shiffrin ( A - S ) , is based on the belief that we process memories in the same way that a computer processes information .
2469 .
4331 .
This is called acclimatization .
6857 .
2704 .
The lac Operon : An Inducer OperonThe third type of gene regulation in prokaryotic cells occurs through inducible operons , which have proteins that bind to activate or repress transcription depending on the local environment and the needs of the cell .
Water , for example , is a polar molecule because one end of the molecule has a slight positive charge and the other end has a slight negative charge .
In his classic work , The Logic of Collective Action , economist Mancur Olson discussed the conditions under which collective actions problems would exist , and he noted that they were prevalent among organized interests .
Computers can be programmed to do many routine tasks faster and less expensively than people who used to do such tasks . 5604 .
Deuterostomes include more complex animals such as chordates but also some simple animals such as echinoderms .
The 1867 Military Reconstruction Act , which encompassed the vision of Radical Republicans , set a new direction for Reconstruction in the South .
Craniata includes the hagfishes ( Myxini ) , which have a cranium but lack a backbone , and all of the organisms called “ vertebrates . ”
3212 .
Citizens also use party identification to make decisions via straight - ticket voting — choosing every Republican or Democratic Party member on the ballot .
2553 .
812 .
If business confidence is high , then firms tend to spend more on investment , believing that the future payoff from that investment will be substantial .
The existence of explicit rules refers to the way in which rules are outlined , written down , and standardized .
4651 .
This asset - liability time mismatch — a bank ’s liabilities can be withdrawn in the short term while its assets are repaid in the long term — can cause severe problems for a bank .
Unlike with bulimia , eating binges are not followed by inappropriate behavior , such as purging , but they are followed by distress , including feelings of guilt and embarrassment .
For example , if you think that your professor is not very nice , you notice all of the instances of rude behavior exhibited by the professor while ignoring the countless pleasant interactions he is involved in on a daily basis .
The brain ’s clock mechanism is located in an area of the hypothalamus known as the suprachiasmatic nucleus ( SCN ) .
More specifically , the papers were compiled at the request of Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara and provided a study of U.S. political and military involvement in Vietnam from 1945 to 1967 .
Skinner believed that behavior is motivated by the consequences we receive for the behavior : the reinforcements and punishments .
In both cases , the supply and the demand curve are horizontal as shown in [ link ] .
The American Psychological Association publishes the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual on Mental Disorders ( DSM ) , and their definition of personality disorders is changing in the fifth edition , which is being revised in 2011 and 2012 .
6740 .
Nativists also stoked a sense of fear over the perceived foreign threat , pointing to the anarchist assassinations of the Spanish prime minister in 1897 , the Italian king in 1900 , and even President William McKinley in 1901 as proof .
In synapsis , the genes on the chromatids of the homologous chromosomes are aligned precisely with each other .
Also in 1914 , the Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) was created to define more specifically what competition was unfair .
But some laws that may appear to establish certain religious practices are allowed .
3031 .
In other words , the economic analysis of free trade does not rely on a belief that foreign trade is not disruptive or does not pose tradeoffs ; indeed , the story of Technotron begins with a particular disruptive market change — a new technology — that causes real tradeoffs .
Mammary glands produce milk that is used to feed newborns .
Emergent vegetation consists of wetland plants that are rooted in the soil but have portions of leaves , stems , and flowers extending above the water ’s surface .
Localizing sound could be considered similar to the way that we perceive depth in our visual fields .
This is the dikaryotic stage of the basidiomyces lifecyle and and it is the dominant stage .
Below these leaders are the two party ’s respective whips .
4321 .
While systematic , this approach does n’t follow the hypothesis - testing model that seeks to find generalizable results .
4626 .
1009 .
5667 .
5577 .
The nucleus is positive due to the presence of positively charged protons .
A few nations today , however , are run by governments wherein a monarch has absolute or unmitigated power .
A parasite is an organism that lives in or on another living organism and derives nutrients from it .
1067 .
1159 .
This agreement has since been superseded by the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) , whose membership includes about 150 nations and most of the economies of the world .
Since the early 1980s , imports have typically exceeded exports , and so the United States has experienced a trade deficit in most years .
The peduncle attaches the flower to the plant .
5198 .
Excretion occurs through a pore called the nephridiopore .
The Tenth Amendment , one of the first submitted to the states for ratification , ensures that states possess all powers not explicitly assigned to the federal government by the Constitution .
Microwave frequencies range from about 109 Hz 109 Hz size 12 { " 10 " rSup { size 8 { 9 } } ` " Hz " } { } to the highest practical LCLC size 12 { ital " LC " } { } resonance at nearly 1012 Hz 1012 Hz size 12 { " 10 " rSup { size 8 { " 12 " } } ` " Hz " } { } .
Osmosis is the movement of water through a semipermeable membrane according to the concentration gradient of water across the membrane , which is inversely proportional to the concentration of solutes .
Since the total incoming momentum is zero , it is possible to create particles with momenta and kinetic energies near zero . 2639 .
However , cutting wages will alienate the insiders and damage the firm ’s productivity and prospects .
In February 1864 , two of the Radical Republicans , Ohio senator Benjamin Wade and Maryland representative Henry Winter Davis , answered Lincoln with a proposal of their own .
These include the Whistleblower Protection Act of 1989 and the Whistleblower Protection Enhancement Act of 2012 , which further compelled federal agencies to protect whistleblowers who reasonably perceive that an institution or the people in the institution are acting inappropriately ( [ link ] ) .
Lastly , the total lung capacity ( TLC ) is a measurement of the total amount of air that the lung can hold .
That does n’t mean picking your nose in public wo n’t be punished ; instead , you will encounter informal sanctions .
An ideal thin lens has two refracting surfaces but the lens is thin enough to assume that light rays bend only once .
The pictorial representation of magnetic field lines is very useful in visualizing the strength and direction of the magnetic field .
Those students with more exposure gain more proficiency , which makes them far more marketable in an increasingly technology - based job market and leaves our society divided into those with technological knowledge and those without .
3220 .
Graphically , we see that fiscal policy , whether through change in spending or taxes , shifts the aggregate demand outward in the case of expansionary fiscal policy and inward in the case of contractionary fiscal policy .
It varies in its level of severity .
The hypothesis is extremely important because it bridges the gap between the realm of ideas and the real world .
7080 .
Water potential is denoted by the Greek letter ψ ( psi ) and is expressed in units of pressure ( pressure is a form of energy ) called megapascals ( MPa ) .
The loss of independence is one potential part of the process , as are diminished physical ability and age discrimination .
Tubers arise as swollen ends of stolons , and contain many adventitious or unusual buds ( familiar to us as the “ eyes ” on potatoes ) .
1381 .
Ex parte Milligan , 71 U.S. 2 ( 1866 ) .
In 1811 , construction began on the Cumberland Road , a national highway that provided thousands with a route from Maryland to Illinois .
In terrestrial environments , net primary productivity is estimated by measuring the aboveground biomass per unit area , which is the total mass of living plants , excluding roots .
6728 .
The earliest distinction between protostomes and deuterostomes is the type of cleavage undergone by the zygote .
Structural isomers ( like butane and isobutene shown in [ link ] a ) differ in the placement of their covalent bonds : both molecules have four carbons and ten hydrogens ( C4H10 ) , but the different arrangement of the atoms within the molecules leads to differences in their chemical properties .
After replication , the chromosomes are composed of two linked sister chromatids .
Each segmental artery splits further into several interlobar arteries and enters the renal columns , which supply the renal lobes .
391 .
The Windsor case gave federal judges the moment of clarity from the U.S. Supreme Court that they needed .
A new physical quantity called baryon number B B size 12 { B } { } seems to always be conserved in nature and is listed for the various particles in the table given above .
6609 .
The severe drop in GDP that occurred during the Great Depression of the 1930s is clearly visible in the figure , as is the Great Recession of 2008 – 2009 .
The vision of the role of flexible prices helping markets to reach equilibrium and linking different markets together helps to explain why price controls can be so counterproductive .
And despite some U.S. citizens ’ knee - jerk reaction to any healthcare changes that hint of socialism , the United States has one socialized system with the Veterans Health Administration .
These nucleotide triplets are called codons .
6474 .
4466 .
These products of the cleavage of PIP2 serve as second messengers .
Specifically , you can sign a financial contract and pay a fee that guarantees you a certain exchange rate one year from now — regardless of what the market exchange rate is at that time .
Both terms are , however , frequently used interchangeably .
They tend to be simpler than instincts , involve the activity of specific body parts and systems ( e.g. , the knee - jerk reflex and the contraction of the pupil in bright light ) , and involve more primitive centers of the central nervous system ( e.g. , the spinal cord and the medulla ) .
Organogenesis is characterized by rapid and precise movements of the cells within the embryo .
In the 2016 presidential primary race , MoveOn tried to encourage Senator Elizabeth Warren ( D - MA ) to enter the race for the Democratic nomination ( [ link ] ) .
However , correlation is limited because establishing the existence of a relationship tells us little about cause and effect .
In terms of the units used for these two terms , the best modern value for this equivalence is
5540 .
As you may recall , net work changes the kinetic energy of a system .
We saw above that James Madison and the other framers were aware they might endanger some rights if they listed a few in the Constitution and omitted others .
487 .
Mineral soils are predominant in terrestrial ecosystems , where soils may be covered by water for part of the year or exposed to the atmosphere . 1216 .
Such a device is called a heat engine .
Unlike prokaryotic cells , eukaryotic cells have : 1 ) a membrane - bound nucleus ; 2 ) numerous membrane - bound organelles such as the endoplasmic reticulum , Golgi apparatus , chloroplasts , mitochondria , and others ; and 3 ) several , rod - shaped chromosomes .
Under this model of proportional representation , legislative seats are allocated to competing parties based on the total share of votes they receive in the election .
If Ricardian equivalence holds completely true , then in the national saving and investment identity , any change in budget deficits or budget surpluses would be completely offset by a corresponding change in private saving .
That is , when a motor is doing work and its shaft is turning , an emf is generated .
Light may change direction when it encounters objects ( such as a mirror ) or in passing from one material to another ( such as in passing from air to glass ) , but it then continues in a straight line or as a ray .
While it is likely to happen at some point , it will not happen frequently enough for natural selection to be able to swiftly eliminate the allele from the population , and as a result , the allele will be maintained at low levels in the gene pool .
“ What You Should Know About Forgotten Founding Father John Jay , ” PBS Newshour .
While the sympathetic nervous system is activated in stressful situations , the parasympathetic nervous system allows an animal to “ rest and digest . ”
6308 .
Think of social order as an employee handbook and social control as a manager .
The Social Security payroll tax is proportional up to the wage limit , but above that level it becomes a regressive tax , meaning that people with higher incomes pay a smaller share of their income in tax .
The cell performs an additional RNA processing step called RNA editing to remedy this .
4889 .
3697 .
2877 .
2637 .
After the third hour , there should be 8000 bacteria in the flask , an increase of 4000 organisms .
2497 .
There are hundreds of transcription factors in a cell that each bind specifically to a particular DNA sequence motif .
To understand economic growth , which is really concerned with the growth in living standards of an average person , it is often useful to focus on GDP per capita .
GTP provides the energy to start the reaction by giving up a phosphate and becoming guanosine diphosphate ( GDP ) .
3226 .
Those who opposed it , known as Anti - Federalists , argued that the Constitution would consolidate all power in a national government , robbing the states of the power to make their own decisions .
In order to grow , the animal must first synthesize a new exoskeleton underneath the old one and then shed or molt the original covering .
234 .
( a ) Genotype refers to the genetic makeup of an individual based on the genetic material ( DNA ) inherited from one ’s parents .
In the Theory Y approach , on the other hand , managers assume that most people seek inner satisfaction and fulfillment from their work .
3170 . for the orbital energies of hydrogen - like atoms .
The pancreatic islets contain two primary cell types : alpha cells , which produce the hormone glucagon , and beta cells , which produce the hormone insulin .
Gene variants that arise by mutation and exist at the same relative locations on homologous chromosomes are called alleles .
The theory of rational expectations holds that people form the most accurate possible expectations about the future that they can , using all information available to them .
2900 .
However , the safety of the treatment was confirmed in the United States when the U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved spraying meats with bacteriophages to destroy the food pathogen Listeria .
Succession describes the sequential appearance and disappearance of species in a community over time .
In fact , such a collision reduces internal kinetic energy to the minimum it can have while still conserving momentum .
For example , the Equal Pay Act of 1963 said that men and women who do equal work at a company must be paid the same .
One important regulator of sleep - wake cycles is the hormone melatonin .
5571 .
1488 .
David Souter , nominated by Republican George H. W. Bush , more often than not sided with the Court ’s liberal wing .
270 .
These gaps are called nodes of Ranvier and are sites where the signal is “ recharged ” as it travels along the axon .
A dose unit more closely related to effects in biological tissue is called the roentgen equivalent man or rem and is defined to be the dose in rads multiplied by the relative biological effectiveness .
741 .
According to the DSM-5 , the defining symptoms of major depressive disorder include “ depressed mood most of the day , nearly every day ” ( feeling sad , empty , hopeless , or appearing tearful to others ) , and loss of interest and pleasure in usual activities ( APA , 2013 ) .
Structures that produce photosynthates for the growing plant are referred to as sources .
In part , this safety arises because a bank account offers more security than keeping a few thousand dollars in the toe of a sock in your underwear drawer .
They are modeled after actuarial tables used by the insurance industry for estimating human life expectancy .
This literally means “ cell drinking ” and was named at a time when the assumption was that the cell was purposefully taking in extracellular fluid .
328 .
Similarly , state and local governments passed laws limiting what neighborhoods blacks and whites could live in .
The action potential is an all - or - none phenomenon .
Two years later , in McDonald v. Chicago , the Supreme Court overturned the Cruickshank decision ( 5 – 4 ) and again found that the right to bear arms was a fundamental right incorporated against the states , meaning that state regulation of firearms might , in some circumstances , be unconstitutional .
A molecule with this arrangement of a positively or negatively charged area and an uncharged , or non - polar , area is referred to as amphiphilic or “ dual - loving . ”
The genes that code for the positive cell cycle regulators are called proto - oncogenes .
An implied power is one not specifically detailed in the Constitution but inferred as necessary to achieve the objectives of the national government .
As you can see , parenting styles influence childhood adjustment , but could a child ’s temperament likewise influence parenting ?
These structures are precursors of roots .
President Washington and Hamilton denounced Genêt , knowing his actions threatened to pull the United States into a war with Great Britain .
The C - TCB contains 20 color images that show scenes of African - American lifestyles .
Prior to the passage of the Nineteenth Amendment , several states had already granted women the right to vote .
Sociologists are obligated to disclose research findings without omitting or distorting significant data .
5726 .
The zygote then develops into a planuliform larva .
4890 .
He then found that all but the closest galaxies have a red shift in their hydrogen spectra that is proportional to their distance .
The 1867 act divided the ten southern states that had yet to ratify the Fourteenth Amendment into five military districts ( Tennessee had already been readmitted to the Union by this time and so was excluded from these acts ) .
3765 .
Two types of flight feathers are found on the wings , primary feathers and secondary feathers .
When a hormone binds to its membrane receptor , a G - protein that is associated with the receptor is activated ; G - proteins are proteins separate from receptors that are found in the cell membrane .
877 .
4685 .
Combining the bond ’s face value , interest rate , and maturity date , and market interest rates , allows a buyer to compute a bond ’s present value , which is the most that a buyer would be willing to pay for a given bond .
Theta waves are even lower frequency ( 4 – 7 Hz ) , higher amplitude brain waves than alpha waves .
2620 .
Scintillators may be liquid or solid , and they can be very efficient .
The policy process contains four sequential stages : ( 1 ) agenda setting , ( 2 ) policy enactment , ( 3 ) policy implementation , and ( 4 ) evaluation .
When presented with the conditioned stimulus alone , the dog , cat , or other organism would show a weaker and weaker response , and finally no response .
1379 .
This dysphoria must persist for at least six months and result in significant distress or dysfunction to meet DSM-5 diagnostic criteria .
The hypothalamus contains autonomic centers that control endocrine cells in the adrenal medulla via neuronal control . The pituitary gland , sometimes called the hypophysis or “ master gland ” is located at the base of the brain in the sella turcica , a groove of the sphenoid bone of the skull , illustrated in [ link ] .
1032 .
2696 .
In most states at that time , white males of military age were considered part of the militia , liable to be called for service to put down rebellions or invasions , and the right “ to keep and bear Arms ” was considered a common - law right inherited from English law that predated the federal and state constitutions .
Most European countries , at least on paper , have opted for laws that protect against such government surveillance , perhaps mindful of past experience with communist and fascist regimes .
Cells are broken using a lysis buffer ( a solution which is mostly a detergent ) ; lysis means “ to split . ” These enzymes break apart lipid molecules in the cell membranes and nuclear membranes .
The property of a body to remain at rest or to remain in motion with constant velocity is called inertia .
Break - even has nearly been reached and gives hope that ignition and commercial plants may become a reality in a few decades .
Out of this work came a model called the Yale attitude change approach , which describes the conditions under which people tend to change their attitudes .
It requires the government to demonstrate that treating men and women differently is “ substantially related to an important governmental objective . ”
Although the United States has one of the safest food supplies in the world , the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) has reported that “ 76 million people get sick , more than 300,000 are hospitalized , and 5,000 Americans die each year from foodborne illness . ”The characteristics of foodborne illnesses have changed over time .
5346 .
Reagan and other conservatives led a campaign to “ get tough on crime ” and promised the nation a “ war on drugs . ”
Mechanoreceptors in the skin are described as encapsulated ( that is , surrounded by a capsule ) or unencapsulated ( a group that includes free nerve endings ) .
This is called hybrid inviability because the hybrid organisms simply are not viable .
In this way , a small amount of hormone can trigger the formation of a large amount of cellular product .
The Constitution also limits the Supreme Court ’s original jurisdiction to those rare cases of disputes between states , or between the United States and foreign ambassadors or ministers .
6574 .
Later portrayals would more prominently feature Crispus Attucks , an African American who was one of the first to die .
http://www.pbs.org/wnet/supremecourt/antebellum/history2.html ( March 1 , 2016 ) .
The assembly line helped Ford reduce labor costs within the production process by moving the product from one team of workers to the next , each of them completing a step so simple they had to be , in Ford ’s words , “ no smarter than an ox ” ( [ link ] ) .
6585 .
In other words , the ratio of carbon to hydrogen to oxygen is 1 : 2 : 1 in carbohydrate molecules .
Torpor can be used by animals for long periods , such as entering a state of hibernation during the winter months , in which case it enables them to maintain a reduced body temperature .
7044 .
5928 .
In this section , we consider two - dimensional projectile motion , such as that of a football or other object for which air resistance is negligible .
1985 .
Wages that a firm pays its employees or rent that a firm pays for its office are explicit costs .
Each photosystem is serviced by the light - harvesting complex , which passes energy from sunlight to the reaction center ; it consists of multiple antenna proteins that contain a mixture of 300 – 400 chlorophyll a and b molecules as well as other pigments like carotenoids .
Arizona Ruling Only a Narrow Opening for Other States , ” New York Times , 25 June 2012 .
The first wave of globalization started in the nineteenth century and lasted up to the beginning of World War I .
Individuals who do rotating shift work are also likely to experience disruptions in circadian cycles .
Industrial - Organizational psychology ( I - O psychology ) is a subfield of psychology that applies psychological theories , principles , and research findings in industrial and organizational settings .
The Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 prohibited discrimination on the basis of age against individuals who are 40 years of age or older .
In the 1960s , Daniel Elazar researched interviews , voting data , newspapers , and politicians ’ speeches .
In the election of 1832 , Jackson received nearly 53 percent of the popular vote against his opponent Henry Clay .
Some low - income and middle - income economies around the world have shown a pattern of convergence , in which their economies grow faster than those of high - income countries .
In the wake of the Civil War , President Andrew Johnson faced congressional contempt for decisions made during Reconstruction .
“ Who Votes , Who Does n’t , and Why , ” http://www.people-press.org/2006/10/18/who-votes-who-doesnt-and-why/ .
6153 .
Fusion of a vesicle with the presynaptic membrane causes neurotransmitter to be released into the synaptic cleft , the extracellular space between the presynaptic and postsynaptic membranes , as illustrated in [ link ] .
2325 .
5478 .
Thus , when the U.S. government passed the Sherman Antitrust Act in 1890 to limit the power of these trusts , it was called an antitrust law .
2692 .
727 .
A guitar creates sound waves .
An opioid is one of a category of drugs that includes heroin , morphine , methadone , and codeine .
Disorganized or abnormal motor behavior refers to unusual behaviors and movements : becoming unusually active , exhibiting silly child - like behaviors ( giggling and self - absorbed smiling ) , engaging in repeated and purposeless movements , or displaying odd facial expressions and gestures .
A physical map is a representation of the physical distance , in nucleotides , between genes or genetic markers .
A sagittal plane divides the body into right and left portions .
The quality that has received attention is positive affect , which refers to pleasurable engagement with the environment , such as happiness , joy , enthusiasm , alertness , and excitement ( Watson , Clark , & Tellegen , 1988 ) .
The familiar term voltage is the common name for potential difference .
6521 .
The minority leader has a visible if not always a powerful position .
Individuals can not , however , take the few thousand dollars that they save in any given year , write a letter to General Motors or some other firm , and negotiate to invest their money with that firm .
Most well - known applications , however , use a time - varying voltage source .
The public role of the first lady reach a new level with Hillary Clinton in the 1990s when her husband put her in charge of his efforts to achieve health care reform , a controversial decision that did not meet with political success .
Protectionist policies often seek to shield domestic producers and domestic workers from foreign competition .
In this form , red blood cells can not pass through the capillaries .
944 .
We form more intimate connections with people with whom we disclose important information about ourselves .
715 .
1861 .
We shall not delve further into them ; rather , we will concentrate on the question of loudness perception .
1744 .
Unstable nuclides decay ( that is , they are radioactive ) , eventually producing a stable nuclide after many decays .
5255 .
2061 .
While the federal bureaucracy grew by leaps and bounds during the twentieth century , it also underwent a very different evolution .
Early detection and treatment of conditions such as heart disease and cancer have improved survival rates and quality of life for people who suffer from these conditions .
The government also imposes an estate and gift tax on people who pass large amounts of assets to the next generation — either after death or during life in the form of gifts .
Some in London also thought the acts went too far ; see the cartoon “ The Able Doctor , or America Swallowing the Bitter Draught ” ( [ link ] ) for one British view of what Parliament was doing to the colonies .
This is a demonstration of the importance of procedural justice in organizations .
In contrast to psychoanalysis , humanistic therapists focus on conscious rather than unconscious thoughts .
3326 .
4276 .
The doublet changes when a magnetic field is applied , implying that whatever causes the doublet interacts with a magnetic field .
231 .
109 .
After the featured orator had delivered a two - hour speech , Lincoln addressed the crowd for several minutes .
PDE is always present in the cell and breaks down cAMP to control hormone activity , preventing overproduction of cellular products . The specific response of a cell to a lipid insoluble hormone depends on the type of receptors that are present on the cell membrane and the substrate molecules present in the cell cytoplasm .
Obstructive diseases and conditions include emphysema , asthma , and pulmonary edema .
The word “ tension ” comes from a Latin word meaning “ to stretch . ”
Social Construction of Reality 5602 .
An aggregate fruit is one that develops from more than one carpel , but all are in the same flower : the mature carpels fuse together to form the entire fruit , as seen in the raspberry .
Soil quality is a major determinant , along with climate , of plant distribution and growth . 1212 .
2069 .
6905 .
3116 .
Concerned about the resistance to and unhappiness with the government measures , in 1862 , the Confederate Congress gave President Davis the power to suspend the writ of habeas corpus , the right of those arrested to be brought before a judge or court to determine whether there is cause to hold the prisoner .
We can understand self - serving bias by digging more deeply into attribution , a belief about the cause of a result .
In the merry - go - round ’s frame of reference , we explain the apparent curve to the right by using a fictitious force , called the Coriolis force , that causes the ball to curve to the right .
3483 .
To close this loophole , Senators John McCain and Russell Feingold sponsored the Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act in 2002 to ban parties from collecting and distributing unregulated money .
A defining feature is the lack of paired lateral appendages ( fins ) .
This may entail holding meetings with committee chairs or other influential lawmakers concerning their legislative priorities , working with the media to try to get favorable coverage of legislative priorities , targeting advocacy organizations to maintain pressure on resistant lawmakers , or testifying in legislative hearings about the possible impacts of the legislation .
During the 2000 election , in which George W. Bush won Florida ’s electoral votes by a slim majority , attention turned to the state ’s election procedures and voter registration rolls .
For example , auto insurance might pay for all losses greater than $ 500 .
Most circuits have more than one component , called a resistor that limits the flow of charge in the circuit .
3714 .
3786 .
4614 .
( A Second Great Awakening would take place in the 1800s . )
To close this loophole , Senators John McCain and Russell Feingold sponsored the Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act in 2002 to ban parties from collecting and distributing unregulated money .
Fiscal policy , which involves government spending and taxes , is determined by a nation ’s legislative body .
1785 .
According to this definition , one species is distinguished from another when , in nature , it is not possible for matings between individuals from each species to produce fertile offspring .
5622 .
A detrital food web consists of a base of organisms that feed on decaying organic matter ( dead organisms ) , called decomposers or detritivores .
One of the oldest and largest pieces of social welfare policy is Social Security , which cost the United States about $ 845 billion in 2014 alone .
A whip ’s job , as the name suggests , is to whip up votes and otherwise enforce party discipline .
The least attractive workers , with fewer employment alternatives , are more likely to stay .
An exclusive dealing agreement between a manufacturer and a dealer can be legal or illegal .
Later sociologists have not always looked so favorably upon bureaucracies , and they have developed alternate models to explain how and why bureaucracies function .
Believing it to be his moment of strongest public support , Roosevelt chose to exact a measure of revenge against the U.S. Supreme Court for challenging his programs and to pressure them against challenging his more recent Second New Deal provisions .
Therefore , a prezygotic barrier is a mechanism that blocks reproduction from taking place ; this includes barriers that prevent fertilization when organisms attempt reproduction .
Cells of the meristematic tissue are found in meristems , which are plant regions of continuous cell division and growth .
Passage through the channel allows polar compounds to avoid the nonpolar central layer of the plasma membrane that would otherwise slow or prevent their entry into the cell .
1070 .
Explaining the court ’s ruling , Chief Justice John Marshall wrote that it was incorrect to argue that “ the Constitution was intended to secure the people of the several states against the undue exercise of power by their respective state governments ; as well as against that which might be attempted by their [ Federal ] government . ”
The result is a limit in the amount of oxygen that can reach some of the organs and tissues of the body , reducing the overall metabolic capacity of fish . In amphibians , reptiles , birds , and mammals , blood flow is directed in two circuits : one through the lungs and back to the heart , which is called pulmonary circulation , and the other throughout the rest of the body and its organs including the brain ( systemic circulation ) .
3434 .
This would be similar to finding and opening a paper you had previously saved on your computer ’s hard drive .
Again , case studies provide enormous amounts of information , but since the cases are so specific , the potential to apply what ’s learned to the average person may be very limited .
These are called equipotential lines in two dimensions , or equipotential surfaces in three dimensions .
The root cap is continuously replaced because it gets damaged easily as the root pushes through soil .
5903 .
3340 .
This led to haze - effect cooling , a global phenomenon that occurs when dust , ash , or other suspended particles block out sunlight and trigger lower global temperatures as a result ; haze - effect cooling usually extends for one or more years .
The glands make a solution that is thick , yellowish , and alkaline .
3416 .
2718 .
High entropy means high disorder and low energy ( [ link ] ) .
1405 .
This type of pain is known as neuropathic pain .
The greenhouse gases that affect Earth include carbon dioxide , methane , water vapor , nitrous oxide , and ozone .
In this chapter , we explore the opposite extreme : monopoly . If perfect competition is a market where firms have no market power and they simply respond to the market price , monopoly is a market with no competition at all , and firms have complete market power .
Proto - oncogenes are normal genes that , when mutated in certain ways , become oncogenes , genes that cause a cell to become cancerous .
The capillaries converge again into venules that connect to minor veins that finally connect to major veins that take blood high in carbon dioxide back to the heart .
Functional groups are groups of atoms that occur within molecules and confer specific chemical properties to those molecules .
Under President Vladimir Putin , Russia is again trying to strengthen its power on the country ’s western border , testing expansionism while invoking Russian nationalism .
3750 .
A variation of endocytosis is called pinocytosis .
{ }
The Fifth Amendment states in full :
74 Haw . 530 .
For example , a state university usually employs a lobbyist , legislative liaison , or government affairs person to represent its interests before the legislature .
Deafness is the partial or complete inability to hear .
Fine motor skills focus on the muscles in our fingers , toes , and eyes , and enable coordination of small actions ( e.g. , grasping a toy , writing with a pencil , and using a spoon ) .
Second , unemployment statistics only count those :
The “ black Republicans , ” Douglas declared , posed a dangerous threat to the Constitution .
Judicial review was established in the Supreme Court case Marbury v. Madison , when , for the first time , the Court declared an act of Congress to be unconstitutional . Marbury v. Madison , 5 U.S. 137 ( 1803 ) .
Being chargeless , even low - energy neutrons can strike a nucleus and be absorbed once they feel the attractive nuclear force .
738 .
Pork - barrel spending is another case in which democracy is challenged by concentrated benefits and widely dispersed costs : the benefits of pork - barrel spending are obvious and direct to local voters , while the costs are spread over the entire country .
Atoms and molecules are too small to be observed directly with our senses — thus , we picture them mentally to understand what our instruments tell us about the behavior of gases .
Typically the market goes through phases of surplus , or excess , inflation , where the money in your pocket today buys less than it did yesterday , and recession , which occurs when there are two or more consecutive quarters of economic decline .
Say ’s law that supply creates its own demand does seem a good approximation for the long run . 4918 .
When the circulation of fluid in the eye is blocked , it can lead to a buildup in pressure , a condition called glaucoma .
Any individual may possess a population of T and B cells that together express a near limitless variety of antigen receptors that are capable of recognizing virtually any infecting pathogen .
Historical accounts indicate that those afflicted would sometimes dance with bruised and bloody feet for days or weeks , screaming of terrible visions and begging priests and monks to save their souls ( Waller , 2009b ) .
416 .
6580 .
.
This type of cell division is called binary ( prokaryotic ) fission . Binary Fission
Power affects more than personal relationships ; it shapes larger dynamics like social groups , professional organizations , and governments .
Apocrine glands , or scent glands , secrete substances that are used for chemical communication , such as in skunks .
3265 .
Economies of scale can combine with the size of the market to limit competition .
Practical intelligence , as proposed by Sternberg , is sometimes compared to “ street smarts . ”
Erik Erikson ( 1902 – 1994 ) ( [ link ] ) , another stage theorist , took Freud ’s theory and modified it as psychosocial theory .
First , he argues , the Senate has become polarized just as the House of Representatives has , but people vote for Senators on a statewide basis .
Conformity also required that the wives of both working - and middle - class men stay home and raise children instead of working for wages outside the home .
It is the most popular theory in personality psychology today and the most accurate approximation of the basic trait dimensions ( Funder , 2001 ) .
Union Leagues , fraternal groups founded in the North that promoted loyalty to the Union and the Republican Party during the Civil War , expanded into the South after the war and were transformed into political clubs that served both political and civic functions .
2412 .
Aaron Ogden , who had obtained an exclusive license from New York State to operate steamboat ferries between New York City and New Jersey , sued Thomas Gibbons , who was operating ferries along the same route under a coasting license issued by the federal government .
Stolons are stems that run almost parallel to the ground , or just below the surface , and can give rise to new plants at the nodes .
7007 .
This message referred directly to the situation in Georgia , Mississippi , and Alabama , where the Creek , Choctaw , Chickasaw , Seminole , and Cherokee peoples stood as obstacles to white settlement .
Some scientists believe that these are the only true examples of symbiosis .
A bill of attainder is a law that convicts or punishes someone for a crime without a trial , a tactic used fairly frequently in England against the king ’s enemies .
Descriptive ( or discovery ) science , which is usually inductive , aims to observe , explore , and discover , while hypothesis - based science , which is usually deductive , begins with a specific question or problem and a potential answer or solution that can be tested .
Some tissues have specialized cells that are not found in the others .
3921 .
Research shows that the size of the majority , the presence of another dissenter , and the public or relatively private nature of responses are key influences on conformity .
Shortly before the Voting Rights Act was passed , the 1964 U.S. Supreme Court case Reynolds v. Sims changed the nature of elections .
Parliament also asserted its prerogative in 1765 with the Quartering Act .
Long - term potentiation ( LTP ) is a persistent strengthening of a synaptic connection .
The sound waves of louder sounds have greater amplitude than those of softer sounds .
The bank will be more willing to make what are called “ subprime loans , ” which are loans that have characteristics like low or zero down - payment , little scrutiny of whether the borrower has a reliable income , and sometimes low payments for the first year or two that will be followed by much higher payments after that .
In 2009 , for example , M1 was $ 1.7 trillion and nominal GDP was $ 14.3 trillion , so the velocity of M1 was 8.4 ( $ 14.3 trillion / $ 1.7 trillion ) .
5279 .
This can often be a substance - related diagnosis and another psychiatric diagnosis , such as depression , bipolar disorder , or schizophrenia .
The Southern Poverty Law Center ( SPLC ) is a not - for - profit advocacy group based in Montgomery , Alabama .
6344 .
338 .
In the case of the Great Recession , the case for this kind of extra - aggressive expansionary fiscal policy is stronger , but for a smaller recession , given the time lags of implementing fiscal policy , discretionary fiscal policy should be used with caution .
4121 .
2462 .
Every year , there are literally thousands of people who would like to have their case heard before the Supreme Court , but the justices will select only a handful to be placed on the docket , which is the list of cases scheduled on the Court ’s calendar .
Absolute poverty is defined by the World Bank ( 2014a ) as when someone lives on less than $ 1.25 a day .
4395 .
IIP Digital . United States of America Embassy .
In the United States , the central bank is called the Federal Reserve — often abbreviated as just “ the Fed . ” This section explains the organization of the U.S. Federal Reserve and identifies the major responsibilities of a central bank .
On April 15 ( or “ tax day ” ) , 2010 , members of the Tea Party movement rallied at the Minnesota State Capitol in St. Paul in favor of smaller government and against the Affordable Care Act ( left ) .
Micropropagation ( also called plant tissue culture ) is a method of propagating a large number of plants from a single plant in a short time under laboratory conditions [ link ] .
4115 .
Two counterconditioning techniques are aversive conditioning and exposure therapy .
The lowest resonant frequency is called the fundamental , while all higher resonant frequencies are called overtones .
1555 .
6302 .
3973 .
1259 .
The regulators will try to choose a point along the market demand curve that benefits both consumers and the broader social interest .
If exposure to a stressor continues over a longer period of time , the stage of exhaustion ensues .
6152 .
As George Washington ’s secretary of the treasury from 1789 to 1795 , Alexander Hamilton championed legislative efforts to create a publicly chartered bank .
Curve B in [ link ] represents an overdamped system .
3800 .
The net productivity is then available to the primary consumers at the next trophic level .
When fertilization occurs between two true - breeding parents that differ in only one characteristic , the process is called a monohybrid cross , and the resulting offspring are monohybrids .
However , when the externality of pollution exists , the supply curve no longer represents all social costs .
The peptide hormones include molecules that are short polypeptide chains , such as antidiuretic hormone and oxytocin produced in the brain and released into the blood in the posterior pituitary gland .
4823 .
While these rates of return will beat equivalent investments in Treasury bonds or savings accounts , the estimated returns to education go primarily to the individual worker , so these returns are private rates of return to education .
Two such public goods are national security and education .
One way to answer this question is to imagine that a force field surrounds whatever object creates the force .
6945 .
For union workers operating under a multiyear contract with a company , wage cuts might violate the contract and create a labor dispute or a strike .
He disagreed , however , with Skinner ’s strict behaviorist approach to personality development , because he felt that thinking and reasoning are important components of learning .
4045 .
The Compromise of 1850 brought temporary relief .
The sum rule states that the probability of the occurrence of one event or the other event , of two mutually exclusive events , is the sum of their individual probabilities .
These objects were first discovered in 1967 by the British astrophysicists , Jocelyn Bell and Anthony Hewish .
Plantar flexion is a bending at the ankle when the heel is lifted , such as when standing on the toes .
5334 .
1908 .
We will begin with how we measure inequality , and then consider the explanations for growing inequality in the United States .
These contracts were sometimes written as , for example , COLA plus 3 % .
The great apes include the genera Pan ( chimpanzees and bonobos ) ( [ link ] a ) , Gorilla ( gorillas ) , Pongo ( orangutans ) , and Homo ( humans ) ( [ link ] b ) .
The permafrost makes it impossible for roots to penetrate deep into the soil and slows the decay of organic matter , which inhibits the release of nutrients from organic matter .
Hunter - gatherer societies demonstrate the strongest dependence on the environment of the various types of preindustrial societies .
480 .
1426 .
cases opened the door for a substantially greater flow of money into elections .
6125 .
Relations between the British and many American Patriots worsened over the decade , culminating in an unruly mob destroying a fortune in tea by dumping it into Boston Harbor in December 1773 as a protest against British tax laws .
6544 .
The maps created by genome mapping are comparable to the maps that we use to navigate streets .
A whorl of sepals ( collectively called the calyx ) is located at the base of the peduncle and encloses the unopened floral bud .
In 2012 , in Arizona v. United States , the U.S. Supreme Court struck down those provisions of the law that made it a state crime to reside in the United States illegally , forbade undocumented immigrants to take jobs , and allowed the police to arrest those suspected of being illegal immigrants .
The main role of cAMP in cells is to bind to and activate an enzyme called cAMP - dependent kinase ( A - kinase ) .
This choice is typically the result of a plea bargain , an agreement between the defendant and the prosecutor in which the defendant pleads guilty to the charge ( s ) in question , or perhaps to less serious charges , in exchange for more lenient punishment than he or she might receive if convicted after a full trial .
The ulna is located on the medial aspect ( pinky - finger side ) of the forearm .
4924 .
In mammals , sound waves are collected by the external , cartilaginous part of the ear called the pinna , then travel through the auditory canal and cause vibration of the thin diaphragm called the tympanum or ear drum , the innermost part of the outer ear ( illustrated in [ link ] ) .
We thus use the name electromotive force , abbreviated emf .
2273 .
Some examples of this frame , when looking at the issue of marriage equality as framed by the anti - gay marriage movement , include the plan to restrict marriage to “ one man / one woman ” or to allow only “ civil unions ” instead of marriages .
Although the hippocampus seems to be more of a processing area for explicit memories , you could still lose it and be able to create implicit memories ( procedural memory , motor learning , and classical conditioning ) , thanks to your cerebellum ( [ link ] ) .
4372 .
The gene pool is the sum of all the alleles in a population .
In some sponges , sclerocytes secrete small spicules into the mesohyl , which are composed of either calcium carbonate or silica , depending on the type of sponge .
5091 .
2674 .
To include unmarried , cohabitating , and same - sex couples , family sociologists have created the term intimate partner violence ( IPV ) .
Historically and contemporaneously , many aspects of women ’s lives have been medicalized , including menstruation , pre - menstrual syndrome , pregnancy , childbirth , and menopause .
5969 .
In the light - independent reactions , the chemical energy harvested during the light - dependent reactions drive the assembly of sugar molecules from carbon dioxide .
2627 .
The survey results are then reported at http://www.sca.isr.umich.edu , which break down the change in consumer confidence among different income levels .
54 .
The methods used to disable gene function are collectively called gene targeting .
4775 .
More recently , President Obama ’s effort to make health insurance accessible to more Americans under the Affordable Care Act immediately ran into legal challengesNational Federation of Independent Business v. Sebelius , 567 U.S. _ _ ( 2012 ) .
The characteristics of positive affect , as with negative affect ( discussed earlier ) , can be brief , long - lasting , or trait - like ( Pressman & Cohen , 2005 ) .
This puts the burden of proof on the government to demonstrate why the unequal treatment is justifiable , not on the individual who alleges unfair discrimination has taken place .
Stations chose their own broadcasting locations , signal strengths , and frequencies , which sometimes overlapped with one another or with the military , leading to tuning problems for listeners .
10 .
6539 .
495 .
4203 .
For instance , molecular biology and biochemistry study biological processes at the molecular and chemical level , including interactions among molecules such as DNA , RNA , and proteins , as well as the way they are regulated .
When you and another person share similar music taste , hobbies , food preferences , and so on , deciding what to do with your time together might be easy .
( Later in the chapter we will discuss lower rates of economic growth and some key ingredients for economic progress . )
Note that in the former , the effect of the factor on the population depends on the density of the population at onset .
When the military dubbed the entire West Coast a military area , it effectively allowed for the removal of more than 110,000 Japanese Americans from their homes .
However , the amount of money the U.S. government needed to borrow to pay its bills in 2016 was still in excess of $ 400 billion
In the lungs , air is diverted into smaller and smaller passages , or bronchi .
The result was the demand curve and the supply curve .
Similarly , sensible businesses and consumers may be reluctant to borrow substantial amounts of money in a recession , because they recognize that firms ’ sales and employees ’ jobs are more insecure in a recession , and they do not want to face the need to make interest payments .
558 .
The descending limb is permeable to water , not solutes ; the opposite is true for the ascending limb . 1818 .
Norming involves giving a test to a large population so data can be collected comparing groups , such as age groups .
The shoot system consists of two portions : the vegetative ( non - reproductive ) parts of the plant , such as the leaves and the stems , and the reproductive parts of the plant , which include flowers and fruits .
Momentum was deemed so important that it was called the “ quantity of motion . ” Newton actually stated his second law of motion in terms of momentum : The net external force equals the change in momentum of a system divided by the time over which it changes .
4158 .
In the United States today this term often carries pejorative connotations .
469 .
This cellular covering has cilia at the apical , or free , surface of the cells .
Membranes are generally selectively permeable , or semipermeable .
Keynes emphasized one particular reason why wages were sticky : the coordination argument .
Liverworts , mosses , and hornworts are seedless , non - vascular plants that likely appeared early in land plant evolution .
Consequently , a patient would demonstrate resistance to recalling these thoughts or situations .
This conclusion may seem obvious , because all three have the same temperature , but it is basic to thermodynamics .
3769 .
4088 .
In plant cells , a new cell wall must form between the daughter cells .
High temperatures will eventually cause enzymes , like other biological molecules , to denature , a process that changes the natural properties of a substance .
Factors that define stratification vary in different societies .
To prevent errors , polls that include known cellular numbers may screen for zip codes and other geographic indicators to prevent regional bias .
The term psychopathology can also refer to the manifestation of a psychological disorder .
For example , when Samantha Elauf , a Muslim woman , was denied a job working for the clothing retailer Abercrombie & Fitch because a headscarf she wears as religious practice violated the company ’s dress code , the Supreme Court ruled that her First Amendment rights had been violated , making it possible for her to sue the store for monetary damages .
The bacteria example is not representative of the real world where resources are limited .
191 .
No longer are the nine states with histories of racial discrimination in their voting processes required to submit plans for changes to the federal government for approval .
In the centuries after Galen , other researchers contributed to the development of his four primary temperament types , most prominently Immanuel Kant ( in the 18th century ) and psychologist Wilhelm Wundt ( in the 19th century ) ( Eysenck , 2009 ; Stelmack & Stalikas , 1991 ; Wundt , 1874 / 1886 ) ( [ link ] ) .
Many workers went on strikes in response , although some favored Taylor ’s methods , since their pay was directly linked to the productivity increases that his methods achieved and since increased efficiency allowed companies to charge consumers lower prices .
Most E .
Ford even bought a plot of land in the Amazonian jungle twice the size of Delaware to build a factory town he called Fordlandia .
1957 .
5887 .
Cells in G0 phase are not actively preparing to divide .
There are more similarities than differences between individual choice and social choice .
Since district courts are not called for in Article III of the Constitution , Congress established them and narrowly defined their jurisdiction , at first limiting them to handling only cases that arose within the district .
Constant unitary elasticity , in either a supply or demand curve , occurs when a price change of one percent results in a quantity change of one percent .
3225 .
Once they had purchased the loans , larger investment banks bundled them into huge packages known as collateralized debt obligations ( CDOs ) and sold them to investors around the world .
These newer groups tended to prefer more confrontational approaches , including the use of direct action campaigns relying on marches and demonstrations .
2410 .
Being arrested is a punishment for shoplifting .
6623 .
Intrinsically motivated behaviors are performed because of the sense of personal satisfaction that they bring , while extrinsically motivated behaviors are performed in order to receive something from others .
1076 .
All living things are made of cells ; the cell itself is the smallest fundamental unit of structure and function in living organisms .
Financial intermediaries include other institutions in the financial market such as insurance companies and pension funds , but they will not be included in this discussion because they are not considered to be depository institutions , which are institutions that accept money deposits and then use these to make loans .
Art Connection
The anticodon is a three - nucleotide sequence in a tRNA that interacts with an mRNA codon through complementary base pairing .
Sociologists use the term high culture to describe the pattern of cultural experiences and attitudes that exist in the highest class segments of a society .
In dicots , the seed coat is further divided into an outer coat known as the testa and inner coat known as the tegmen .
An implied power is one not specifically detailed in the Constitution but inferred as necessary to achieve the objectives of the national government .
The Republican majority in Congress was enraged by the actions of the reconstituted governments of the southern states .
The New York Stock Exchange , shown in [ link ] , is a prime example of market in which buyers and sellers are brought together .
The article reported that policymakers have “ used Keynesian principles not only to avoid the violent [ business ] cycles of prewar days but to produce phenomenal economic growth and to achieve remarkably stable prices . ”
660 .
Developmental psychology is the scientific study of development across a lifespan .
Private manumissions , by which slaveholders freed their slaves , provided one pathway from bondage .
6328 .
Or it can be defensive , as a means to respond to aggression from others , such as the Persian Gulf War in 1991 , also known as Operation Desert Storm ( [ link ] ) .
A positive feedback loop maintains the direction of the stimulus , possibly accelerating it .
“ Dillon ’s Rule is from Mars , Home Rule is from Venus : Local Government Autonomy and the Rules of Statutory Construction , ” Publius 41 , No. 4 : 662 – 685 .
140 .
Researchers choose methods that best suit their study topics and that fit with their overall approaches to research .
All aspects — such as sight , sense , and smell — trigger the neural responses resulting in salivation and secretion of gastric juices .
6975 .
Plants obtain inorganic elements from the soil , which serves as a natural medium for land plants .
This is referred to as a sphere of hydration , or a hydration shell , as illustrated in [ link ] and serves to keep the particles separated or dispersed in the water .
89 .
Roosevelt articulated this seeming double standard in a 1904 address before Congress , in a speech that became known as the Roosevelt Corollary .
Government spending covers a range of services provided by the federal , state , and local governments .
There are two types of photoreceptors in the retina : rods and cones , named for their general appearance as illustrated in [ link ] .
Functionalism grew out of the writings of English philosopher and biologist , Hebert Spencer ( 1820 – 1903 ) , who saw similarities between society and the human body ; he argued that just as the various organs of the body work together to keep the body functioning , the various parts of society work together to keep society functioning ( Spencer 1898 ) .
The Keynesian Perspective introduced the Phillips curve and explained how it is derived from the aggregate supply curve .
2763 .
Market economies are based on private enterprise : the means of production ( resources and businesses ) are owned and operated by private individuals or groups of private individuals .
As you can imagine , most research is concerned with the employer ’s interest in choosing the most appropriate candidate for the job , a goal that makes sense for the candidate too .
According to modernization theory , low - income countries are affected by their lack of industrialization and can improve their global economic standing through ( Armer and Katsillis 2010 ) : an adjustment of cultural values and attitudes to work
The furcula is flexible enough to bend and provide support to the shoulder girdle during flapping .
When Washington decided to exit politics and leave office , he warned of the potential negative effects of parties in his farewell address to the nation , including their potentially divisive nature and the fact that they might not always focus on the common good but rather on partisan ends .
( Bonds used to be paper documents with coupons that were clipped and turned in to the bank to receive interest . )
422 .
2173 .
4809 .
Thus , Congress can pass laws , but its power to do so can be checked by the president , who can veto potential legislation so that it can not become a law .
Methamphetamine is a type of amphetamine that can be made from ingredients that are readily available ( e.g. , medications containing pseudoephedrine , a compound found in many over - the - counter cold and flu remedies ) .
In his quest to understand what causes individuals to act in similar and predictable ways , he wrote , “ If I do not submit to the conventions of society , if in my dress I do not conform to the customs observed in my country and in my class , the ridicule I provoke , the social isolation in which I am kept , produce , although in an attenuated form , the same effects as punishment ” ( Durkheim 1895 ) .
With two deceptively simple postulates and a careful consideration of how measurements are made , he produced the theory of special relativity .
In Virginia , the royal governor , Lord Dunmore , raised Loyalist forces to combat the rebel colonists and also tried to use the large slave population to put down the rebellion .
1049 .
2032 .
5708 .
With the concept of subjective poverty , the poor themselves have a greater say in recognizing when it is present .
3343 .
Congress had already passed such a law in 1993 ; it was intended to extend protection to minority religions , such as by allowing rituals of the Native American Church .
The pancreas , illustrated in [ link ] , is an elongated organ that is located between the stomach and the proximal portion of the small intestine .
2476 .
The properties of elements are responsible for their physical state at room temperature : they may be gases , solids , or liquids .
Cells of the liver and macrophages synthesize complement proteins continuously ; these proteins are abundant in the blood serum and are capable of responding immediately to infecting microorganisms .
5335 .
787 .
A hypothesis may become a verified theory .
Female Gametophyte ( The Embryo Sac )
5242 .
In seeking verstehen , outside observers of a social world — an entire culture or a small setting — attempt to understand it from an insider ’s point of view . In his book The Nature of Social Action ( 1922 ) , Weber described sociology as striving to " interpret the meaning of social action and thereby give a causal explanation of the way in which action proceeds and the effects it produces . "
Pheromonal communication often involves providing information about the reproductive status of a potential mate .
[ link ] shows a vertical LRAS curve and three different levels of aggregate demand , rising from AD0 to AD1 to AD2 .
6014 .
The major veins drain blood from the same organs and limbs that the major arteries supply .
Rape , murder , and armed robbery fall under this category .
6093 .
4910 .
4047 .
5838 .
4931 .
Repressors are proteins that suppress transcription of a gene in response to an external stimulus , whereas activators are proteins that increase the transcription of a gene in response to an external stimulus .
Conifers are the dominant phylum of gymnosperms , with the most variety of species ( [ link ] ) .
5195 .
An indenture is a labor contract that young , impoverished , and often illiterate Englishmen and occasionally Englishwomen signed in England , pledging to work for a number of years ( usually between five and seven ) growing tobacco in the Chesapeake colonies .
Adopted in 1791 , the bill consisted of the first ten amendments to the Constitution and outlined many of the personal rights state constitutions already guaranteed .
Also , those with extra money that they would like to save can store their money in a bank rather than look for an individual that is willing to borrow it from them and then repay them at a later date .
Additional guarantees of equality are provided by the equal protection clause of the Fourteenth Amendment , ratified in 1868 , which states in part that “ No State shall .
These types of systems are much rarer than monogamous and polygynous mating systems .
1235 .
In an economy without money , an exchange between two people would involve a double coincidence of wants , a situation in which two people each want some good or service that the other person can provide .
299 .
The anterior pituitary gland , or adenohypophysis , is surrounded by a capillary network that extends from the hypothalamus , down along the infundibulum , and to the anterior pituitary .
As we will see , the basic forces are all thought to act through the exchange of microscopic carrier particles , and the characteristics of the basic forces are determined by the types of particles exchanged .
4623 .
This result is often termed the free rider problem , because some individuals can receive benefits ( get a free ride ) without helping to bear the cost .
5832 .
The “ Bataan Death March , ” during which as many as 650 American and 10,000 Filipino prisoners of war died , intensified anti - Japanese feelings .
Once the pre - mRNA is synthesized , the FACT complex replaces the histones to recreate the nucleosomes .
Service contracts are often used with large purchases such as cars , appliances and even houses .
The renal corpuscle , located in the renal cortex , is made up of a network of capillaries known as the glomerulus and the capsule , a cup - shaped chamber that surrounds it , called the glomerular or Bowman 's capsule .
T cells are lymphocytes that mature in the thymus gland , and B cells are lymphocytes that mature in the bone marrow .
The sociocultural perspective looks at you , your behaviors , and your symptoms in the context of your culture and background .
Some plant species have modified stems that are especially suited to a particular habitat and environment ( [ link ] ) .
685 .
Appositional growth is the increase in the diameter of bones by the addition of bony tissue at the surface of bones .
For example , if we are interested in how our opinion of someone is affected by their attire , we might use deception in describing the experiment to prevent that knowledge from affecting participants ’ responses .
4757 .
2342 .
Mnemonic devices are memory aids that help us organize information for encoding ( [ link ] ) .
Behaviorists such as Joseph Wolpe also influenced Ellis ’s therapeutic approach ( National Association of Cognitive - Behavioral Therapists , 2009 ) .
A class system is based on both social factors and individual achievement .
When there is a large input of nitrogen and phosphorus ( from sewage and runoff from fertilized lawns and farms , for example ) , the growth of algae skyrockets , resulting in a large accumulation of algae called an algal bloom .
The immune system comprises both innate and adaptive immune responses .
6673 .
While such focused campaigns could be effective , they often had little impact in places where they were not replicated .
As a result of a 2010 Supreme Court decision , Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission , there is no limit to how much money unions or corporations can donate to super PACs .
Together , the suburbs , exurbs , and metropolitan areas all combine to form a metropolis .
Researchers analyze data using statistical techniques to see if they can uncover patterns of human behavior .
An example of a short circuit is shown in [ link ] .
Mitosis is a fragile process , and fewer than one - half of all zygotes survive beyond the first two weeks ( Hall , 2004 ) .
712 .
5127 .
This results in a more complete law , called Ampere ’s law , which relates magnetic field and current in a general way .
The majority of U.S. adults now own smartphones or tablets , and most of those Americans say they use them in part to get the news .
To the contrary , through the memorandum , Hoover asserted that greater emphasis should be placed upon the older Monroe Doctrine , in which the U.S. pledged assistance to her Latin American neighbors should any European powers interfere in Western Hemisphere affairs .
The 1863 New York City Draft Riots illustrated the depth of white anger .
A proton is positively charged whereas a neutron is uncharged .
In a closed circulatory system , blood is contained inside blood vessels and circulates unidirectionally from the heart around the systemic circulatory route , then returns to the heart again , as illustrated in [ link ] a .
In 1935 , Congress also passed the Emergency Relief Appropriation Act , which authorized the single largest expenditure at that time in the country ’s history : $ 4.8 billion .
The frontal lobe is involved in reasoning , motor control , emotion , and language .
7075 .
Autoimmunity is a type of hypersensitivity to self antigens that affects approximately five percent of the population .
1346 .
Total savings = Private savings ( S ) + Public savings ( T – G )
However , the Supreme Court ruled in Gillette v. United States that to claim to be a conscientious objector , a person must be opposed to serving in any war , not just some wars . Gillette v. United States , 401 U.S. 437 ( 1971 ) .
The combination of these two theories is relativistic quantum mechanics , and it describes the behavior of small objects traveling at high speeds or experiencing a strong gravitational field .
211 .
A selenium - coated aluminum drum is sprayed with positive charge from points on a device called a corotron .
From the point of view of the U.S. economy , the example also shows how a weaker U.S. dollar encourages exports .
One hundred seventy - one men from that regiment received the Legion of Merit for meritorious service in combat .
Different cell layers ( called germ layers ) are formed during gastrulation .
Jet lag is a collection of symptoms that results from the mismatch between our internal circadian cycles and our environment .
As you might expect , the interest hires a lobbyist , employs one internally , or has a member volunteer to lobby on its behalf .
Because 2005 is the base year , the nominal and real values are exactly the same in that year .
6049 .
The life cycle of a conifer will serve as our example of reproduction in gymnosperms .
However , when a firm invests in new technology , the private benefits , or profits , that the firm receives are only a portion of the overall social benefits .
4761 .
It includes the cerebral cortex , limbic system , basal ganglia , thalamus , hypothalamus , and cerebellum .
New York : Alfred A. Knopf .
He subsequently founded a school of psychology called individual psychology , which focuses on our drive to compensate for feelings of inferiority .
5438 .
President Bush , despite growing public disapproval for the war in Iraq , did not end military support in Iraq after 2006 .
Liverwort plants can also reproduce asexually , by the breaking of branches or the spreading of leaf fragments called gemmae .
He sought to capitalize on the stewardship approach that he had made famous during his previous administration .
You may remember that in prokaryotes , DNA is organized into a single circular chromosome .
Selye and the General Adaptation SyndromeAnother important early contributor to the stress field was Hans Selye , mentioned earlier .
3178 .
Gender identity refers to one ’s sense of being male or female .
Other states with early voting , however , showed a decline in turnout , possibly because there is less social pressure to vote when voting is spread over several days . Rich Morin .
538 .
Fear of Ebola contamination , primarily in Western Africa but also to a smaller degree in the United States , became national news in the summer and fall of 2014 .
The insertion of one or two nucleotides completely changed the triplet reading frame , thereby altering the message for every subsequent amino acid ( [ link ] ) .
As anyone who has ever felt a rush before a big test , speech , or athletic event can attest , the effects of the sympathetic nervous system are quite pervasive .
The OECD ( Organization for Economic and Cooperative Development ) countries make up a group of thirty - four nations whose governments work together to promote economic growth and sustainability .
Midbrain and Hindbrain StructuresThe midbrain is comprised of structures located deep within the brain , between the forebrain and the hindbrain .
Researchers focus on developing a broad understanding of the experiences of people at specific ages , such as mental and physical wellbeing , plus age - specific concerns such as the process of dying .
This process is called sensory transduction . There are two broad types of cellular systems that perform sensory transduction .
438 .
The New York Times brought back the informational model , which exhibits impartiality and accuracy and promotes transparency in government and politics . 6414 .
Unless you conduct an exit poll during an election and interviewers stand at the polling places on Election Day to ask voters how they voted , there is always the possibility the poll results will be wrong .
Investment income stemming from an investment abroad then runs in the other direction from the rest of the world to the home country .
We saw earlier that perhaps it reflects James Madison ’s broader concern about establishing an expectation of privacy from government intrusion at home .
1590 .
When excess charge is placed on a conductor or the conductor is put into a static electric field , charges in the conductor quickly respond to reach a steady state called electrostatic equilibrium .
3461 .
5467 .
The branch of the Democratic - Republicans that believed that the national government should encourage economic ( primarily industrial ) development was briefly known as the National Republicans and later became the Whig Party2009 .
The Elementary and Secondary Education Act ( 1965 ) , the Higher Education Act ( 1965 ) , and the Head Start preschool program ( 1965 ) were established to expand educational opportunities and equality ( [ link ] ) .
Cells do not normally divide unless they are stimulated by signals from other cells .
According to this principle , things that are alike tend to be grouped together ( [ link ] ) .
The cross - price elasticity of demand puts some meat on the bones of these ideas .
4174 .
The Industrial Revolution also changed agricultural practices .
The types of epithelia are classified by the shapes of cells present and the number of layers of cells .
4508 .
The lowering of individual fitness to enhance the reproductive fitness of a relative and thus one ’s inclusive fitness evolves through kin selection .
These changes , called cytopathic ( causing cell damage ) effects , can change cell functions or even destroy the cell .
2993 .
The local folding of the polypeptide in some regions gives rise to the secondary structure of the protein .
6053 .
2593 .
4383 .
Gas exchange occurs only in alveoli .
It is , therefore , the sum of the tidal volume and inspiratory reserve volume .
The cork cambium also produces a layer of cells known as phelloderm , which grows inward from the cambium .
The term ecclesia , originally referring to a political assembly of citizens in ancient Athens , Greece , now refers to a congregation .
Audition , or hearing , is important to humans and to other animals for many different interactions .
Reversible reactions are those that can go in either direction .
When a worker violates a workplace guideline , the manager steps in to enforce the rules ; when an employee is doing an exceptionally good job at following the rules , the manager may praise or promote the employee .
2020 .
5964 .
Texas was sparsely settled , and the few Mexican farmers and ranchers who lived there were under constant threat of attack by hostile Indian tribes , especially the Comanche , who supplemented their hunting with raids in pursuit of horses and cattle .
Its most famous application is carbon-14 dating .
Instead , many mainstream economists believe both the Keynesian and neoclassical perspectives .
2863 .
4828 .
He registered 1,093 patents over his lifetime and ran a world - famous laboratory , Menlo Park , which housed a rotating group of up to twenty - five scientists from around the globe .
Indeed , with the formation of the Republican Party , the Free - Soil Party ceased to exist .
A step - up transformer is one that increases voltage , whereas a step - down transformer decreases voltage .
3783 .
All the Restoration colonies started as proprietary colonies , that is , the king gave each colony to a trusted individual , family , or group .
One of the most significant developments in early vertebrate evolution was the development of the jaw , which is a hinged structure attached to the cranium that allows an animal to grasp and tear its food .
The thyroid gland enlarges in a condition called goiter , which is caused by overproduction of TSH without the formation of thyroid hormone .
Thus , the kidneys control blood pressure and volume directly .
6980 .
The demand for anti - Communist containment appeared as early as March 1946 in a speech by Winston Churchill , in which he referred to an Iron Curtain that divided Europe into the “ free ” West and the Communist East controlled by the Soviet Union .
1768 .
1250 .
View a brief video discussing the role of marine ecosystems in supporting human welfare and the decline of ocean ecosystems . Bush meat is the generic term used for wild animals killed for food .
4812 .
Phillips analyzed 60 years of British data and did find that tradeoff between unemployment and inflation , which became known as a Phillips curve .
Game theory has found widespread applications in the social sciences , as well as in business , law , and military strategy .
426 .
They are memories formed from behaviors .
In a recession , there is usually relatively little danger of inflation taking off , and so even a central bank , with fighting inflation as its top priority , can usually justify some reduction in interest rates . With regard to fiscal policy , the automatic stabilizers discussed in Government Budgets and Fiscal Policy should be allowed to work , even if this means larger budget deficits in times of recession .
He advocated for a goal of zero population growth ( ZPG ) , in which the number of people entering a population through birth or immigration is equal to the number of people leaving it via death or emigration .
These elements bind cellular factors that increase the efficiency of transcription initiation and are often identified in more “ active ” genes that are constantly being expressed by the cell .
José wishes to choose the combination that will provide him with the greatest utility , which is the term economists use to describe a person ’s level of satisfaction or happiness with his or her choices . Let ’s begin with an assumption , which will be discussed in more detail later , that José can measure his own utility with something called utils .
Oligodendrocytes , shown in [ link ] b form myelin sheaths around axons in the CNS .
If an animal can conserve that heat and maintain a relatively constant body temperature , it is classified as a warm - blooded animal and called an endotherm .
While a common force , the behavior of friction is actually very complicated and is still not completely understood .
Structural mobility happens when societal changes enable a whole group of people to move up or down the social class ladder .
A memory cell is an antigen - specific B or T lymphocyte that does not differentiate into effector cells during the primary immune response , but that can immediately become effector cells upon re - exposure to the same pathogen .
A second method of conducting monetary policy is for the central bank to raise or lower the reserve requirement , which , as we noted earlier , is the percentage of each bank ’s deposits that it is legally required to hold either as cash in their vault or on deposit with the central bank .
In our example , the dependent variable is the number of violent acts displayed by the experimental participants .
For instance , during the early 1980s , the Reagan Administration imposed a quota on the import of Japanese automobiles .
4422 .
In this situation , whoever withdrew their deposits first received all of their money , and those who did not rush to the bank quickly enough , lost their money .
Convinced that people would benefit from a more open dialogue on issues related to human sexuality , Dr. Alfred Kinsey of Indiana University initiated large - scale survey research on the topic ( [ link ] ) .
6700 .
With this influx of positive ions , the internal charge of the cell becomes more positive .
6002 .
Following the first election of Washington , the political party system gained steam and power in the electoral process , creating separate nomination and general election stages .
2465 .
Bonds that offer high interest rates to compensate for their relatively high chance of default are called high yield bonds or junk bonds .
In 1913 , California passed a law preventing all Asians , not just the Chinese , from owning land .
As mentioned before , a firm in perfect competition faces a perfectly elastic demand curve for its product — that is , the firm ’s demand curve is a horizontal line drawn at the market price level .
4915 .
Importantly , science does not claim to “ prove ” anything because scientific understandings are always subject to modification with further information .
This pattern of inheritance is described as incomplete dominance , denoting the expression of two contrasting alleles such that the individual displays an intermediate phenotype .
The undigested food is sent to the colon from the ileum via peristaltic movements of the muscle .
Topics that remain at the forefront of public debate today include immigration reform , the DREAM Act ( a proposal for granting undocumented immigrants permanent residency in stages ) , and court action on President Obama ’s executive orders on immigration .
Of that fifty - two thousand , some accepted noncombat roles in the military , whereas others accepted unpaid work in civilian work camps .
Only elites belong in the political enterprise , and as a result , new public policies will be advanced only if they reinforce the beliefs and interests of those in power .
3961 .
In a defining moment for the filibuster , Senator Strom Thurmond of South Carolina spoke for twenty - four hours and eighteen minutes against a weak civil rights bill in 1957 .
Over time , the hybrid zone may change depending on the fitness of the hybrids and the reproductive barriers ( [ link ] ) .
However , their decision was almost immediately overturned by the Eleventh Amendment , passed by Congress in 1794 and ratified by the states in 1795 .
3165 .
Finally , there is the pathway from the retina to the suprachiasmatic nucleus ( SCN ) of the hypothalamus .
The limbic system is involved in processing both emotion and memory .
This situation is called habitat isolation .
2158 .
In his quest to understand what causes individuals to act in similar and predictable ways , he wrote , “ If I do not submit to the conventions of society , if in my dress I do not conform to the customs observed in my country and in my class , the ridicule I provoke , the social isolation in which I am kept , produce , although in an attenuated form , the same effects as punishment ” ( Durkheim 1895 ) .
She further decries the pejorative connotation of the diagnosis , saying that it predisposes many people , both within and outside of the profession of psychotherapy , against women who have been so diagnosed ( Becker ) .
Zooplankton , protists , small fishes , and shrimp are found in the neritic zone and are the base of the food chain for most of the world ’s fisheries . Beyond the neritic zone is the open ocean area known as the oceanic zone ( [ link ] ) .
6925 .
Resistors are in series whenever the flow of charge , called the current , must flow through devices sequentially .
In the financial capital market , before a bank makes a loan , it requires a prospective borrower fill out forms regarding the sources of income ; in addition , the bank conducts a credit check on the individual ’s past borrowing .
When a sperm binds to the zona pellucida , a series of biochemical events , called the acrosomal reactions , take place .
These sleep episodes are often associated with cataplexy , which is a lack of muscle tone or muscle weakness , and in some cases involves complete paralysis of the voluntary muscles .
Yet another approach is to require collateral , often property or equipment that the bank would have a right to seize and sell if the loan is not repaid .
A humoral stimulus refers to the control of hormone release in response to changes in extracellular fluids such as blood or the ion concentration in the blood .
Here the cells in the blastula arrange themselves in two layers : the inner cell mass , and an outer layer called the trophoblast .
Yellen has been described in the media as “ perhaps the most qualified Fed chair in history . ”
Pharyngeal slits are openings in the pharynx ( the region just posterior to the mouth ) that extend to the outside environment .
They will be less likely to rent an apartment and more likely to own a home , and so on .
3028 .
5233 .
The Hobby Lobby chain of stores sells arts and crafts merchandise at hundreds of stores ; its founder , David Green , is a devout fundamentalist Christian whose beliefs include opposition to abortion and contraception .
To see the benefits to consumers , look at the segment of the demand curve above the equilibrium point and to the left .
The parietal lobe is located at the top of the brain .
The bulk of the stimulus funds apportioned to state and local governments was used to create and protect existing jobs through public works projects and to fund various public welfare programs such as unemployment insurance .
This process is called carbon fixation , because CO2 is “ fixed ” from an inorganic form into organic molecules .
This idea is known as the handicap principle .
Since a monopoly faces no significant competition , it can charge any price it wishes .
4822 .
Heritability refers to the proportion of difference among people that is attributed to genetics .
The federal government responded by enacting the Force Bill in 1833 , authorizing President Jackson to use military force against states that challenged federal tariff laws .
Buffers are the key .
The standard of living is based on factors such as income , employment , class , poverty rates , and housing affordability .
203 .
In Massachusetts in 1768 , Samuel Adams wrote a letter that became known as the Massachusetts Circular .
2013 .
Gaseous nitrogen is transformed , or “ fixed ” into more readily available forms such as ammonia through the process of nitrogen fixation .
This sequence is essential and is involved in binding transcription factors .
1877 .
The income effect refers to how a change in the price of a good alters the effective buying power of one ’s income .
Meanwhile , southern lynchings continued to escalate , with white mobs burning African Americans at the stake .
132 .
The word gestalt literally means form or pattern , but its use reflects the idea that the whole is different from the sum of its parts .
In legislative bodies and agencies that write laws and regulations about how much corporations will pay in taxes , or rules for safety in the workplace , or instructions on how to satisfy environmental regulations , you can be sure the specific industry affected has lobbyists who study every word and every comma .
Such war can be offensive , as were the Iraq War in 2003 and the 1989 removal of Panamanian leader Manuel Noriega .
Consider the recent demonstrations over the deaths of Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri , and of Freddie Gray in Baltimore , Maryland .
Market socialism describes a subtype of socialism that adopts certain traits of capitalism , like allowing limited private ownership or consulting market demands .
The secreted autoinducers can be small , hydrophobic molecules such as acyl - homoserine lactone , ( AHL ) or larger peptide - based molecules ; each type of molecule has a different mode of action .
Such a result would indicate that the genes were definitively linked , but that they were far enough apart for crossovers to occasionally occur .
An Employment Cost Index measures wage inflation in the labor market .
624 .
Economic growth depends on many factors .
Primary active transport moves ions across a membrane and creates a difference in charge across that membrane , which is directly dependent on ATP .
Chylomicrons contain triglycerides , cholesterol , and other lipids and have proteins on their surface .
Counseling psychology is a similar discipline that focuses on emotional , social , vocational , and health - related outcomes in individuals who are considered psychologically healthy .
This is where validity comes into play .
Pine cones , mature fronds of ferns , and flowers are all sporophylls — leaves that were modified structurally to bear sporangia .
Prokaryotes have been on Earth since long before multicellular life appeared .
913 .
Corporations trying to maximize their profits in the United States are conscious of this risk and attempt to “ Americanize ” their products , selling shirts printed with U.S. flags that were nevertheless made in Mexico .
Violating cultural expectations is not , in and of itself , a satisfactory means of identifying the presence of a psychological disorder .
For example , the cash you own can be used to pay your tuition .
Las Casas ’s writing about the Spaniards ’ horrific treatment of Indians helped inspire the so - called Black Legend , the idea that the Spanish were bloodthirsty conquerors with no regard for human life .
( The First Great Awakening of evangelical Protestantism had taken place in the 1730s and 1740s . )
The quantities that might differ between them are volume and density .
Cyclic AMP is synthesized by the enzyme adenylyl cyclase from ATP ( [ link ] ) .
The argument for this method is that it is ultimately the party and not the individual who will influence policy .
Anti - Federalists feared the power of the national government and believed state legislatures , with which they had more contact , could better protect their freedoms .
Herbivores are animals whose primary food source is plant - based .
Experiment has a different meaning in the scientific context than in everyday life .
Sperm are haploid cells , consisting of a flagellum as a tail , a neck that contains the cell ’s energy - producing mitochondria , and a head that contains the genetic material .
We sometimes refer to this as radiant energy , or electromagnetic radiation , which includes visible light , infrared , and ultraviolet radiation .
1096 .
3728 .
Any dose less than 100 mSv ( 10 rem ) is called a low dose , 0.1 Sv to 1 Sv ( 10 to 100 rem ) is called a moderate dose , and anything greater than 1 Sv ( 100 rem ) is called a high dose .
Compulsions characteristic of OCD are not performed out of pleasure , nor are they connected in a realistic way to the source of the distress or feared event .
Why would a researcher want to run a study where no one knows who is in which group ?
Bank capital is the difference between a bank ’s assets and its liabilities .
The benthic realm ( or zone ) extends along the ocean bottom from the shoreline to the deepest parts of the ocean floor .
A Punnett square , devised by the British geneticist Reginald Punnett , can be drawn that applies the rules of probability to predict the possible outcomes of a genetic cross or mating and their expected frequencies .
Ian Christopher McCaleb , “ Bush tours ground zero in lower Manhattan , ” CNN , 14 September 2001 .
3636 .
1292 .
To correct this vision defect , we place a converging , positive power lens in front of the eye , such as found in reading glasses .
However , since not all elements have enough electrons to fill their outermost shells , atoms form chemical bonds with other atoms thereby obtaining the electrons they need to attain a stable electron configuration .
For example , New York State passed the Bakeshop Act in 1897 , which prohibited bakery employees from working more than sixty hours in a week .
Examples of acute viral diseases are the common cold and influenza .
The strand with the Okazaki fragments is known as the lagging strand .
2392 .
The 14 facial bones are the nasal bones , the maxillary bones , zygomatic bones , palatine , vomer , lacrimal bones , the inferior nasal conchae , and the mandible .
Cases arising from activities across state lines ( interstate commerce ) are also subject to federal court jurisdiction , as are cases in which the United States is a party .
5877 .
The substitution effect occurs when a price changes and consumers have an incentive to consume less of the good with a relatively higher price and more of the good with a relatively lower price .
This system of rewarding party loyalists is known as the spoils system ( from the expression , “ To the victor belong the spoils ” ) .
1084 .
The source water is usually cold , low in nutrients , and clear .
Entry and exit to and from the market are the driving forces behind a process that , in the long run , pushes the price down to minimum average total costs so that all firms are earning a zero profit . To understand how short - run profits for a perfectly competitive firm will evaporate in the long run , imagine the following situation .
A septum is formed between the nucleoids , extending gradually from the periphery toward the center of the cell .
At the more serious end of the foreign policy decision - making spectrum , and usually as a last resort when diplomacy fails , the U.S. military and defense establishment exists to provide the United States the ability to wage war against other state and nonstate actors .
According to this theory , color is coded in opponent pairs : black - white , yellow - blue , and green - red . 3615 .
Qualitative information is harder to organize and tabulate .
Each of these cone types is maximally sensitive to a slightly different wavelength of light .
Probanzas de méritos were reports and letters written by Spaniards in the New World to the Spanish crown , designed to win royal patronage .
Whole - genome sequencing is a brute - force approach to problem solving when there is a genetic basis at the core of a disease . 608 .
Stephen Battaglio , “ Brian Williams Will Leave ‘ NBC Nightly News ’ and Join MSNBC , ” LA Times , 18 June 2015 .
The electrical signal moves down the axon like a wave ; at each point , some of the sodium ions that enter the cell diffuse to the next section of the axon , raising the charge past the threshold of excitation and triggering a new influx of sodium ions .
The compound is said to be tagged .
5407 .
For example , if one member of the U.S. Congress suggests building a new bridge or hospital in his or her own congressional district , the other members might oppose it .
The distance to the farthest object that can be seen clearly is called the far point of the eye ( normally infinity ) .
6403 .
2868 .
5668 .
894 .
3450 .
The Spinal CordIt can be said that the spinal cord is what connects the brain to the outside world .
Corms contain stored food that enables some plants to survive the winter .
Carbohydrates also have other important functions in humans , animals , and plants .
5370 .
The bell curve uses the standard deviation to show how all scores are dispersed from the average score ( [ link ] ) .
Internal kinetic energy is the sum of the kinetic energies of the objects in the system .
Media is a term that refers to all print , digital , and electronic means of communication .
1444 .
In 1973 , the Rehabilitation Act made it illegal to discriminate against people with disabilities in federal employment or in programs run by federal agencies or receiving federal funding .
Soil particles between 0.002 and 0.1 mm are called silt , and even smaller particles , less than 0.002 mm in diameter , are called clay .
This internal mechanical energy from the random motions is called thermal energy , because it is related to the temperature of the object .
6029 .
5373 .
Innate behavior , or instinct , is important because there is no risk of an incorrect behavior being learned .
Department of Labor ( 2013 ) has projected this profession will have the greatest growth of all job classifications in the 20 years following 2012 .
3547 .
A central cavity , called the hemocoel ( or blood cavity ) , is present , and the open circulatory system is regulated by a tubular or single - chambered heart .
Conversely , nucleotides following the initiation site are denoted with “ + ” numbering and are called downstream nucleotides .
5610 .
For example , in United States v. Lopez , the court struck down the Gun - Free School Zones Act of 1990 , which banned gun possession in school zones . United States v. Lopez , 514 U.S. 549 ( 1995 ) .
People suffering from bulimia nervosa engage in binge eating behavior that is followed by an attempt to compensate for the large amount of food consumed .
In addition , the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) protects the savings of the average person .
The court ’s obstructionist position infuriated Roosevelt , leading him in 1937 to propose a court - packing plan that would add one new justice for each one over the age of seventy , thus allowing the president to make a maximum of six new appointments .
Among these are the detection by satellite - mounted equipment of the radiation from distant galaxies , the analysis of radiation from a person indicating body burdens , and the detection of exotic particles in accelerator laboratories . Light from a scintillator is converted into electrical signals by devices such as the photomultiplier tube shown schematically in [ link ] .
In the 1870s , Irish coal miners in eastern Pennsylvania formed a secret organization known as the Molly Maguires , named for the famous Irish patriot .
A third group of triploblasts has a slightly different coelom derived partly from mesoderm and partly from endoderm , which is found between the two layers .
The oscillations in one rope are in a vertical plane and are said to be vertically polarized .
Global stratification highlights worldwide patterns of social inequality . In the early years of civilization , hunter - gatherer and agrarian societies lived off the earth and rarely interacted with other societies .
We define the binding energy ( BE ) of a nucleus to be the energy required to completely disassemble it into separate protons and neutrons .
5325 .
Haploid cells , containing a single copy of each homologous chromosome , are found only within structures that give rise to either gametes or spores .
Vestibular sensation , which is an organism ’s sense of spatial orientation and balance , proprioception ( position of bones , joints , and muscles ) , and the sense of limb position that is used to track kinesthesia ( limb movement ) are part of somatosensation .
Carrying pricey but eco - friendly water bottles could indicate a person ’s social standing .
Computers can be programmed to do many routine tasks faster and less expensively than people who used to do such tasks . 5604 .
Whereas lower vascular plants , such as club mosses and ferns , are mostly homosporous ( produce only one type of spore ) , all seed plants , or spermatophytes , are heterosporous .
6748 .
Early evidence suggests that another fungal pathogen , Geomyces destructans , introduced from Europe is responsible for white - nose syndrome , which infects cave - hibernating bats in eastern North America and has spread from a point of origin in western New York State ( [ link ] ) .
5392 .
Although the states retained a considerable degree of sovereignty , the supremacy clause in Article VI of the Constitution proclaimed that the Constitution , laws passed by Congress , and treaties made by the federal government were “ the supreme Law of the Land . ”
This type of inhibition is called allosteric inhibition ( [ link ] ) .
They also created a system of checks and balances by giving each of three branches of government the power to restrict the actions of the others , thus requiring them to work together .
4506 .
Republican vice presidential candidate Richard Nixon used a televised speech in 1952 to address accusations that he had taken money from a political campaign fund illegally .
Such geographical variation is seen between most populations and can be significant .
1155 .
New York : Basic Books , 105 – 106 .
Concerns about the effects of media on consumers and the existence and extent of media bias go back to the 1920s .
For example , Staphylococcus aureus , often called “ staph , ” is a common bacterium that can live in the human body and is usually easily treated with antibiotics .
An axillary bud is usually found in the axil — the area between the base of a leaf and the stem — where it can give rise to a branch or a flower .
In 2009 , Attorney General Eric Holder said the federal government would not seek to prosecute patients using marijuana medically , citing limited resources and other priorities .
Three nuclei position themselves on the end of the embryo sac opposite the micropyle and develop into the antipodal cells , which later degenerate .
In fact , one of the last major changes occurred in 2004 , when lawmakers ’ inaction resulted in the expiration of a piece of legislation known as the Federal Assault Weapons Ban ( 1994 ) .
1400 .
6628 .
Their efforts to provide blacks with greater legal rights earned them the support of African Americans in both the South , where they were newly enfranchised , and the Northeast .
A rhizome is a modified stem that grows horizontally underground and has nodes and internodes .
These examples describe the visible and invisible rules of conduct through which societies are structured , or what sociologists call norms .
Michael Les Benedict .
5041 .
In this situation , eager gasoline buyers mob the gas stations , only to find many stations running short of fuel .
Those who do , however , have often been labeled “ deviant ” by society and have gradually come to believe it themselves .
Plasmids with foreign DNA inserted into them are called recombinant DNA molecules because they are created artificially and do not occur in nature .
The tabloid - style paper included editorial pages , cartoons , and pictures , while the front - page news was sensational and scandalous .
But the election of President Abraham Lincoln in 1860 led eleven southern states to secede from the United States because they believed the new president would challenge the institution of slavery .
1502 .
Nevertheless , during the war , some seventy - two thousand men registered as conscientious objectors ( COs ) , and fifty - two thousand were granted that status .
High blood volume causes the cells to be stretched , resulting in hormone release .
A megachurch is a Christian church that has a very large congregation averaging more than 2,000 people who attend regular weekly services .
Another term , the Calvin cycle , is named for the man who discovered it , and because these reactions function as a cycle .
The independent assortment of genes can be illustrated by the dihybrid cross , a cross between two true - breeding parents that express different traits for two characteristics .
It said :
Unlike that of the Hexapoda , the head and thorax of most crustaceans is fused to form a cephalothorax ( [ link ] ) , which is covered by a plate called the carapace , thus producing a body structure of two tagma .
Money refers to an object that a society agrees to assign a value to so it can be exchanged for payment .
But for technophiles , technology symbolizes the potential for a brighter future .
425 .
The branch that enters the glomerulus is called the afferent arteriole .
In a sense , it exists by consensus , both prior and current .
After all , according to the Federal Register , the median household income for a family of four was $ 102,552 in New Jersey and $ 57,132 in Mississippi in 2013 , and prices of some basic goods like housing are quite different between states .
At its peak , there were some four million Americans repairing bridges , building roads and airports , and undertaking other public projects .
For example , at first they opposed the Erie Canal project , but when the popularity of the massive transportation venture became clear , they supported it .
Another activity or movement of innate behavior is kinesis , or the undirected movement in response to a stimulus .
A good theory of quantum gravity does not yet exist , but one will be needed to understand how all four forces may be unified .
It also provides individuals and businesses with the ability to sue if they feel their religious rights have been violated .
4739 .
In legislative bodies and agencies that write laws and regulations about how much corporations will pay in taxes , or rules for safety in the workplace , or instructions on how to satisfy environmental regulations , you can be sure the specific industry affected has lobbyists who study every word and every comma .
The harsh British response to this act in 1774 , which included sending British troops to Boston and closing Boston Harbor , caused tensions and resentments to escalate further .
In the process of resocialization , old behaviors that were helpful in a previous role are removed because they are no longer of use .
The Tenth Amendment affirms the states ’ reserved powers : “ The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the States , are reserved to the States respectively , or to the people . ”
Roe v. Wade , 410 U.S. 113 ( 1973 ) .
With the advent of video technology and cable television , the power of the president to reach huge audiences increased exponentially .
The atria are the chambers that receive blood , and the ventricles are the chambers that pump blood .
In symbols , linear momentum is expressed as
Economists call this inverse relationship between price and quantity demanded the law of demand .
5429 .
The expected rate of return refers to how much a project or an investment is expected to return to the investor , either in future interest payments , capital gains , or increased profitability .
The final episode in the so - called Indian Wars occurred in 1890 , at the Battle of Wounded Knee in South Dakota .
The price of a stock depends on the expected future profits earned by the firm .
6107 .
4573 .
6161 .
For cases in which a single gene controls a single characteristic , a diploid organism has two genetic copies that may or may not encode the same version of that characteristic .
Stamens are composed of a thin stalk called a filament and a sac - like structure called the anther .
The point where a split occurs , called a branch point , represents where a single lineage evolved into a distinct new one .
The reason is that each instrument produces a distinctive set of frequencies and intensities .
The eye manages this by varying the power ( and focal length ) of the lens to accommodate for objects at various distances .
197 .
To keep actin from binding to the active site on myosin , regulatory proteins block the molecular binding sites .
Although the remainder of the First Amendment protects four distinct rights — free speech , press , assembly , and petition — we generally think of these rights today as encompassing a right to freedom of expression , particularly since the world ’s technological evolution has blurred the lines between oral and written communication ( i.e. , speech and press ) in the centuries since the First Amendment was written and adopted .
Both deaths were caused by police actions against unarmed African American men .
First , it sought to hold schools accountable for raising standards and enabling students to meet them .
2204 .
When Griffith filmed In Old California ( 1910 ) , the first movie ever shot in Hollywood , California , the small town north of Los Angeles was little more than a village .
An aristocracy would not arise , and if it did , its members would have been chosen by lesser men .
One of the first efforts to organize farmers came in 1867 with Oliver Hudson Kelly ’s creation of the Patrons of Husbandry , more popularly known as the Grange .
1303 .
We can distinguish between two types of cost : explicit and implicit .
Despite hopes that such agreements would lead to a more peaceful world — far more nations signed on to the agreement in later years — they failed because none of them committed any of the nations to take action in the event of treaty violations .
Furthermore , the Fourteenth Amendment , ratified in 1868 , prohibits the states from denying citizens the rights to which they are entitled by the Constitution , due process of law , or the equal protection of the laws .
Various kinases are named for the substrate they phosphorylate .
A group of people who live in a defined geographic area , who interact with one another , and who share a common culture is what sociologists call a society .
1998 .
The length of time of gestation varies among animals , but is very similar among the great apes : human gestation is 266 days , while chimpanzee gestation is 237 days , a gorilla ’s is 257 days , and orangutan gestation is 260 days long .
697 .
1046 .
Prolactin levels are regulated by the hypothalamic hormones prolactin - releasing hormone ( PRH ) and prolactin - inhibiting hormone ( PIH ) , which is now known to be dopamine .
Amyloplasts ( also known as statoliths ) are specialized plastids that contain starch granules and settle downward in response to gravity .
We often use hydrocarbons in our daily lives as fuels — like the propane in a gas grill or the butane in a lighter .
For the first few decades of the current pattern of divided government , the threat it posed to the government appears to have been muted by a high degree of bipartisanship , or cooperation through compromise .
These changes , called cytopathic ( causing cell damage ) effects , can change cell functions or even destroy the cell .
Neutron flux should be carefully regulated to avoid an exponential increase in fissions , a condition called supercriticality .
In 1929 , Latino civil rights activists formed the League of United Latin American Citizens ( LULAC ) to protest against discrimination and to fight for greater rights for Latinos .
1129 .
Elasticities that are less than one indicate low responsiveness to price changes and correspond to inelastic demand or inelastic supply .
A safe and stable national financial system is a critical concern of the Federal Reserve .
1944 .
This central cell later fuses with a sperm to form the triploid endosperm .
After the homologous and analogous traits are sorted , scientists often organize the homologous traits using a system called cladistics .
( See [ link ] . )
( credit b : modification of work by the National Archives and Records Administration )
Sociologists do not rule out any topic , but would strive to frame these questions in better research terms .
2908 .
Ribosomal RNA ( rRNA ) is a major constituent of ribosomes on which the mRNA binds .
Only by tying ideas , thoughts , and statements to actual objects and occurrences could one begin to identify a coherent truth , according to James .
In the late 1940s , some white country musicians began to experiment with the rhythms of the blues , a decades - old musical genre of rural southern blacks .
The most radical proposal to explain dark matter is that it consists of previously unknown leptons ( sometimes obtusely referred to as non - baryonic matter ) .
4458 .
Parenchyma cells are the most common plant cells ( [ link ] ) .
Let 's consider the two neoclassical building blocks in turn , and how they can be embodied in the aggregate demand / aggregate supply model . The Importance of Potential GDP in the Long Run
4866 .
However , when landlords then decide to reduce the number of rental units available in the area , a number of people who would have liked to rent an apartment end up living somewhere else because no units were available .
Psychologist B. F. Skinner saw that classical conditioning is limited to existing behaviors that are reflexively elicited , and it does n’t account for new behaviors such as riding a bike .
Two types of flight feathers are found on the wings , primary feathers and secondary feathers .
Ninety - five percent of the Republicans in Congress signed the pledge .
The minus means that the emf creates a current I and magnetic field B that oppose the change in flux ΔΦ ΔΦ size 12 { ΔΦ } { } — this is known as Lenz ’s law .
Web - based companies such as Kickstarter have been created precisely for the purposes of raising large amounts of money in a short period of time , notably by sidestepping the traditional financing process .
While negotiated rulemaking is required in only a handful of agencies and plenty still use the traditional process , others have recognized the potential of the new process and have adopted it .
5258 .
Sepals are usually photosynthetic organs , although there are some exceptions .
NOW also declared its support for the Equal Rights Amendment ( ERA ) , which mandated equal treatment for all regardless of sex .
This program was often just called “ welfare . ”
These processes are inseparable , like inhaling and exhaling , but different research approaches place different emphasis on the deductive and inductive aspects .
Ann Arbor , MI : University of Michigan Press .
If the gas behaves like an ideal gas , as is often the case , and if no phase change occurs , then PV = n RT PV = n RT size 12 { ital " PV " = ital " n RT " } { } .
Although not well understood , Ménière 's disease results in a degeneration of inner ear structures that can lead to hearing loss , tinnitus ( constant ringing or buzzing ) , vertigo ( a sense of spinning ) , and an increase in pressure within the inner ear ( Semaan & Megerian , 2011 ) .
Compound interest is an interest rate calculation on the principal plus the accumulated interest .
When the net external force on an object is its weight , we say that it is in free - fall .
On March 25 , 2010 , both chambers of Congress passed the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act ( HCERA ) .
When infection of a cell by a bacteriophage results in the production of new virions , the infection is said to be productive .
The thalamus ( Greek for “ inner chamber ” ) , illustrated in [ link ] , acts as a gateway to and from the cortex .
Here , Lincoln poses with Union soldiers ( a ) during his visit to Antietam , Maryland , on October 3 , 1862 .
3059 .
595 .
Before we can consider the rotation of anything other than a point mass like the one in [ link ] , we must extend the idea of rotational inertia to all types of objects .
If the nominal interest rate is 7 % and the rate of inflation is 3 % , then the borrower is effectively paying a 4 % real interest rate .
Leaves that do not have a petiole and are directly attached to the plant stem are called sessile leaves .
1650 .
4289 .
( a ) Genotype refers to the genetic makeup of an individual based on the genetic material ( DNA ) inherited from one ’s parents .
6642 .
The new insight is that the direction of the orbital angular momentum is also quantized .
Either the ovule or part of the ovary , which is diploid in nature , gives rise to a new seed .
Within a particular habitat , a population can be characterized by its population size ( N ) , the total number of individuals , and its population density , the number of individuals within a specific area or volume .
However , this result was not without its critics .
American silver , tobacco , and other items , which were used by native peoples for ritual purposes , became European commodities with a monetary value that could be bought and sold .
This process is called carbon fixation , because CO2 is “ fixed ” from an inorganic form into organic molecules .
The eIF-2 protein bound to GTP binds to the small 40S ribosomal subunit .
The carotenoids found in fruit — such as the red of tomato ( lycopene ) , the yellow of corn seeds ( zeaxanthin ) , or the orange of an orange peel ( β - carotene ) — are used as advertisements to attract seed dispersers .
789 .
The central bank can expand the money supply by creating reals , use the reals to purchase foreign currencies , and avoid selling any of its own currency .
Most mammals are diphyodonts , meaning that they have two sets of teeth in their lifetime : deciduous or “ baby ” teeth , and permanent teeth .
https://www.opensecrets.org/pacs/ ( March 1 , 2016 ) .
4671 .
5578 .
Today , borderline personality disorder has a completely different meaning .
In the 1982 governor ’s race in California , Tom Bradley was far ahead in the polls , yet on Election Day he lost .
Cognitive empathy begins to increase in adolescence and is an important component of social problem solving and conflict avoidance .
In addition , the appearance of K - complexes is often associated with stage 2 sleep .
A related , but not identical , concept is called bundling , where two or more products are sold as one .
Sociologists call these established sects .
Intermediate goods , which are goods that go into the production of other goods , are excluded from GDP calculations .
There is also a body of law known as trade secrets .
6560 .
“ Social Networks as a Shortcut to Correct Voting . ” American Journal of Political Science 55 ( 4 ) : 753 – 766 .
If you hate country music , then having it waft into your house every night would be a negative externality .
3586 .
When the Republican president and Congress were not seen as moving aggressively enough to fix the situation , the Democrats won the 1932 election in overwhelming fashion .
5440 .
Even though the information was clear and the law was one of the shortest in memory , many voters were confused .
The fifth edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders , Fifth Edition ( DSM-5 ) is used by clinicians to diagnose individuals suffering from various psychological disorders .
2458 .
116 .
According to the law of effect , behaviors that are followed by consequences that are satisfying to the organism are more likely to be repeated , and behaviors that are followed by unpleasant consequences are less likely to be repeated ( Thorndike , 1911 ) .
At some point , foreign investors become pessimistic about the economy and move their money to other countries .
250 .
4192 .
If the virions are released by bursting the cell , the virus replicates by means of a lytic cycle ( [ link ] ) .
2867 .
61 .
In contrast to that perspective is the pluralist theory of government , which says that political power rests with competing interest groups who share influence in government .
Proteins normally have only L - amino acids ; as a consequence , many of our antibiotics work by mimicking D - amino acids and therefore have specific effects on bacterial cell wall development .
Values are deeply embedded and critical for transmitting and teaching a culture ’s beliefs .
Plurality voting , commonly referred to as first - past - the - post , is based on the principle that the individual candidate with the most votes wins , whether or not he or she gains a majority ( 51 percent or greater ) of the total votes cast .
5541 .
A system is in unstable equilibrium if , when displaced , it experiences a net force or torque in the same direction as the displacement from equilibrium .
2164 .
3077 .
Q= ( P2 − P1 ) π r 48 η l .
During the intake , the therapist and client will work together to discuss treatment goals .
3730 .
Patients with thalassemia produce a high number of red blood cells , but these cells have lower - than - normal levels of hemoglobin .
It was against this tide that African American leaders developed their own voice in the Progressive Era , working along diverse paths to improve the lives and conditions of African Americans throughout the country .
The active site is where the “ action ” happens , so to speak .
[ link ] shows both types of flow .
Stephen Farnsworth and S. Robert Lichter .
Do people in the United States view marriage and family differently than before ?
Chlorophyll a and chlorophyll b are found in higher plant chloroplasts and will be the focus of the following discussion .
An early accelerator is a relatively simple , large - scale version of the electron gun .
3992 .
The gastric phase begins once the food arrives in the stomach .
In the latter stages of their protests , many women , including Paul , were arrested and thrown in jail , where they staged a hunger strike as self - proclaimed political prisoners .
In oviparity , fertilized eggs are laid outside the female ’s body and develop there , receiving nourishment from the yolk that is a part of the egg .
[ link ] shows a graph of emf as a function of time , and it now seems reasonable that AC voltage is sinusoidal .
In the pea , which is naturally self - pollinating , this is done by manually transferring pollen from the anther of a mature pea plant of one variety to the stigma of a separate mature pea plant of the second variety .
4433 .
Yet , even after that decision , the Court was reluctant to use this power and did n’t do so for over half a century .
Elements are unique forms of matter with specific chemical and physical properties that can not be broken down into smaller substances by ordinary chemical reactions .
1421 .
1040 .
The myelin sheath is crucial for the normal operation of the neurons within the nervous system : the loss of the insulation it provides can be detrimental to normal function .
People who join groups such as Amnesty International or Greenpeace may share certain values and ideals with other members of the group , but they do not actually interact with these other members .
These are called equipotential lines in two dimensions , or equipotential surfaces in three dimensions .
( a ) Genotype refers to the genetic makeup of an individual based on the genetic material ( DNA ) inherited from one ’s parents .
And in 2015 the Supreme Court gave same - sex marriage a constitutional basis of right nationwide in Obergefell v. Hodges .
Misattribution happens when you confuse the source of your information .
Some of these countries include the United States , Germany , Canada , and the United Kingdom ( World Bank 2014b ) .
1997 .
2055 .
4284 .
Congress did not pass a single significant piece of legislation during this period , although Hoover spent much of the time trying to get Roosevelt to commit publicly to a legislative agenda of Hoover ’s choosing .
This genus is of particular interest to us as it is thought that our genus , genus Homo , evolved from a common ancestor shared with Australopithecus about 2 million years ago ( after likely passing through some transitional states ) .
6681 .
Factions have formed on opposite sides of the abortion and handgun debates , because many do not agree that women should have abortion rights or that individuals should have the right to a handgun .
The allele frequency ( or gene frequency ) is the rate at which a specific allele appears within a population .
Note that the carrier particles are called gauge bosons .
Karl Lashley began exploring this problem , about 100 years ago , by making lesions in the brains of animals such as rats and monkeys .
Because affirmative action attempts to redress discrimination on the basis of race or ethnicity , it is generally subject to the strict scrutiny standard , which means the burden of proof is on the government to demonstrate the necessity of racial discrimination to achieve a compelling governmental interest .
1116 .
Since the burden of proof in these cases was on the government , the Supreme Court made it very difficult for the federal and state governments to enforce laws against individuals that would infringe upon their religious beliefs .
The undigested material forms food pellets that are sometimes regurgitated .
“ Washington D.C. A National Register of Historic Places Travel Itinerary . ” U.S. Department of the Interior , National Park Service . http://www.nps.gov/nr/travel/wash/dc78.htm ( March 1 , 2016 ) .
Federalism also comes with drawbacks .
2119 .
CSF is produced by a tissue called choroid plexus in fluid - filled compartments in the CNS called ventricles .
5979 .
Therapists apply this technique to eliminate addictive behaviors , such as smoking , nail biting , and drinking .
1752 .
Enantiornithes means “ opposite birds , ” which refers to the fact that certain bones of the feet are joined differently than the way the bones are joined in modern birds .
However , Congress mustered the necessary votes to override his veto .
If banks are allowed to hold a smaller amount in reserves , they will have a greater amount of money available to lend out .
The creation of genomic libraries and complementary DNA ( cDNA ) libraries ( collections of cloned sequences or all DNA from a genome ) has sped up the process of physical mapping .
The technology of molecular genetics and data processing and storage are maturing to the point where cataloguing the planet ’s species in an accessible way is close to feasible .
The monomers combine with each other using covalent bonds to form larger molecules known as polymers .
A script is a person ’s knowledge about the sequence of events expected in a specific setting ( Schank & Abelson , 1977 ) .
Phenotype , on the other hand , refers to the individual ’s inherited physical characteristics , which are a combination of genetic and environmental influences ( [ link ] ) .
108 .
FSH production is inhibited by the hormone inhibin , which is released by the testes .
Located at intervals along the synaptonemal complex are large protein assemblies called recombination nodules .
While the Tea Party movement might not meet the definition of interest groups presented earlier , its aims have been promoted by established interest groups .
All states have ways to remove officials , but removal by voters is less common .
4986 .
The secretary of defense , who is the civilian ( nonmilitary ) head of the armed services housed in the Department of Defense , is also a key cabinet member for foreign policy ( as mentioned above ) .
This work and others like it helped to spur the passage of the Pure Food and Drug Act ( 1906 ) and ultimately led to the creation of government agencies such as the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) .
Finally , the relative wage coordination argument points out that even if most workers were hypothetically willing to see a decline in their own wages in bad economic times as long as everyone else also experiences such a decline , there is no obvious way for a decentralized economy to implement such a plan .
4610 .
Elasticities can be usefully divided into three broad categories : elastic , inelastic , and unitary .
The revised law sought to reduce sulfur dioxide emissions from electric power plants to half of the 1980 levels out of concern that sulfur dioxide was causing acid rain , which harms forests as well as buildings .
Infrared radiation is generally produced by thermal motion and the vibration and rotation of atoms and molecules .
There are over 6,000 credit unions in the U.S. economy , though the typical credit union is small compared to most banks .
Another factor for potential candidates is whether the seat they are considering is competitive or open .
1022 .
Another type of selection , called frequency - dependent selection , favors phenotypes that are either common ( positive frequency - dependent selection ) or rare ( negative frequency - dependent selection ) .
4268 .
1765 .
This belief led to a new movement within the field of psychology known as Gestalt psychology .
In this speech , they discuss economic and political achievements , cite data that supports their accomplishments , and overview the major items on their legislative agenda .
In 1945 , sociologists Kingsley Davis and Wilbert Moore published the Davis - Moore thesis , which argued that the greater the functional importance of a social role , the greater must be the reward .
The first of these is called magnetic confinement and uses the property that charged particles have difficulty crossing magnetic field lines .
The time to get the projects started is often called the implementation lag .
The axes of the Keynesian cross diagram presented in [ link ] show real GDP on the horizontal axis as a measure of output and aggregate expenditures on the vertical axis as a measure of spending .
One major social determinant of human behavior is our social roles .
This business model includes efficiency ( the division of labor ) , predictability , calculability , and control ( monitoring ) .
581 .
The DNA molecules never leave the nucleus but instead use an intermediary to communicate with the rest of the cell .
Loans often have built - in inflation adjustments , too , so that if the inflation rate rises by two percentage points , then the interest rate charged on the loan rises by two percentage points as well .
Nearly all animals employ a diploid - dominant life - cycle strategy in which the only haploid cells produced by the organism are the gametes .
Often , a borrower will be able receive a lower interest rate if borrowing with an ARM , compared to a fixed - rate loan .
Roosevelt won his second term in 1904 with an overwhelming 57 percent of the popular vote .
In 1979 , Carter sought to reassure the nation and the rest of the world , especially the Soviet Union , that the United States was still able to defend its interests .
Simply put , students in well - funded schools receive more exposure to technology than students in poorly funded schools .
Rapid eye movement ( REM ) sleep is characterized by darting movements of the eyes under closed eyelids .
The poverty rate declined through the 1960s , rose in the early 1980s and early 1990s , but seems to have been slightly lower since the mid- 1990s .
Instead of buying cars or paying for housing , they may have to join the boomerang generation and return to their parents ’ homes in order to make their loan payments .
The balance of trade ( or trade balance ) is any gap between a nation ’s dollar value of its exports , or what its producers sell abroad , and a nation ’s dollar worth of imports , or the foreign - made products and services that households and businesses purchase .
Synchrotron radiation has a characteristic spectrum and polarization , and can be recognized in cosmic rays , implying large - scale magnetic fields acting on energetic and charged particles in deep space . 3319 .
Eudicots can be herbaceous ( like grasses ) , or produce woody tissues .
6939 .
In his classic 1948 novel Walden Two , the psychologist B. F. Skinner puts the issue even more succinctly via one of his characters , who states : “ The chance that one man ’s vote will decide the issue in a national election … is less than the chance that he will be killed on his way to the polls . ”
The GAO is an agency that provides Congress , its committees , and the heads of the executive agencies with auditing , evaluation , and investigative services .
The administrator serves at the directive of the council and can be terminated by the council .
“ The Common Law and Civil Law Traditions . ” The Robbins Collection .
Tying sales are controversial because they force consumers to purchase a product that they may not actually want or need .
The law of supply functions in labor markets , too : A higher price for labor leads to a higher quantity of labor supplied ; a lower price leads to a lower quantity supplied .
The meter was first defined in 1791 as 1 / 10,000,000 of the distance from the equator to the North Pole .
Almost 200 naturally occurring or synthetic cytokinins are known to date .
Institutional discrimination can also include the promotion of a group 's status , such in the case of white privilege , which is the benefits people receive simply by being part of the dominant group .
In contrast , non - polar molecules such as oils and fats do not interact well with water , as shown in [ link ] and separate from it rather than dissolve in it , as we see in salad dressings containing oil and vinegar ( an acidic water solution ) .
But from a standpoint of economic growth , Japan ’s economy has been teetering in and out of recession since 1990 , with real GDP growth averaging only about 1 % per year , and an unemployment rate that has been creeping higher .
Thus , a recession lasts from peak to trough , and an economic upswing runs from trough to peak .
1963 .
The epidermis provides protection and helps in absorption .
After compiling enough data , you get a distribution related to the particle ’s wavelength and diffraction pattern .
Gradually over the next hundred years , Congress expanded their jurisdiction , in particular over federal questions , which enables them to review constitutional issues and matters of federal law .
1416 .
The long - chain fatty acids and monoglycerides recombine in the absorptive cells to form triglycerides , which aggregate into globules and become coated with proteins .
For low - skilled workers being paid the minimum wage , it is illegal to reduce their wages .
Acting unilaterally is acceptable in this view , as is adopting a preemptive strategy in which the United States intervenes militarily before the enemy can make its move .
The chewed and softened food passes through the esophagus after being swallowed .
The point at which the rays cross is defined to be the focal point F of the lens .
As the court observed , “ the government of the Union , though limited in its powers , is supreme within its sphere of action and its laws , when made in pursuance of the constitution , form the supreme law of the land . ” Maryland ’s action violated national supremacy because “ the power to tax is the power to destroy . ”
The resulting competition between population members of the same species for resources is termed intraspecific competition ( intra- = “ within ” ; -specific = “ species ” ) .
On Sherman ’s March to the Sea , the Union army , seeking to demoralize the South , destroyed everything in its path , despite strict instructions regarding the preservation of civilian property .
5614 .
In up - regulation , the number of receptors increases in response to rising hormone levels , making the cell more sensitive to the hormone and allowing for more cellular activity .
Phytoplankton and floating Sargassum ( a type of free - floating marine seaweed ) provide a habitat for some sea life found in the neritic zone .
When light strikes materials , it can eject electrons from them .
Companion cells are found alongside the sieve - tube cells , providing them with metabolic support .
1925 .
Viruses can infect only certain species of hosts and only certain cells within that host .
Joseph S. Nye , Jr. 2005 . Soft Power : The Means to Success in World Politics . Washington , DC : Public Affairs .
Eventually a large enough stress to the material will cause it to break or fracture .
1881 .
Just as with Alphonso ’s budget constraint , the opportunity cost is shown by the slope of the production possibilities frontier .
But in United States v. Lopez , a decision issued in 1995 , the Court changed course again and , for the first time in half a century , struck down a law as an unconstitutional overstepping of the commerce clause .
Jack London poses with his dog Rollo in 1885 ( a ) .
Stereotypes can be based on race , ethnicity , age , gender , sexual orientation — almost any characteristic .
1295 .
3196 .
5269 .
Frequency refers to the number of waves that pass a given point in a given time period and is often expressed in terms of hertz ( Hz ) , or cycles per second .
1401 .
“ FDR : A Voice of Hope , ” http://www.history.com/topics/fireside-chats ( September 10 , 2015 ) .
5298 .
Ibid . , 120 , 171 , 173 .
Autocrine signals are produced by signaling cells that can also bind to the ligand that is released .
Some seeds are enveloped by sporophyte tissues upon maturation .
The Rayleigh criterion for the diffraction limit to resolution states that two images are just resolvable when the center of the diffraction pattern of one is directly over the first minimum of the diffraction pattern of the other .
One country that will soon face a serious aging crisis is China , which is on the cusp of an “ aging boom ” — a period when its elderly population will dramatically increase .
Although some were able to find gold by panning for it or shoveling soil from river bottoms into sieve - like contraptions called rockers , most did not .
6019 .
The resulting Emergency Banking Act of 1933 was signed into law on March 9 , 1933 , a scant eight hours after Congress first saw it .
4364 .
6338 .
The walnut - shaped prostate gland surrounds the urethra , the connection to the urinary bladder .
2933 .
Another example of a nongroup is people who share similar characteristics but are not tied to one another in any way .
A conference committee is used to reconcile different bills passed in both the House and the Senate .
Like all cells , neurons consist of several different parts , each serving a specialized function ( [ link ] ) .
At maximal capacity , an average lung can hold almost six liters of air , but lungs do not usually operate at maximal capacity .
1900 .
The lowest resonant frequency is called the fundamental , while all higher resonant frequencies are called overtones .
This act requires the Congressional Budget Office to provide information about the cost of any proposed government mandate that exceeds a specified threshold before the bill can be considered in Congress .
4043 .
There is less agreement over whether , in addition to automatic stabilizers , governments in a recession should try to adopt discretionary fiscal policy of additional tax cuts or spending increases .
Besides demobilizing the armed forces and preparing for the homecoming of servicemen and women , he also had to guide the nation through the process of returning to a peacetime economy .
Hearing is the perception of sound .
2493 .
Prions , so - called because they are proteinaceous , are infectious particles — smaller than viruses — that contain no nucleic acids ( neither DNA nor RNA ) .
Average cost tells a firm whether it can earn profits given the current price in the market .
Starting from some known position , Huygens ’s principle states that : Every point on a wavefront is a source of wavelets that spread out in the forward direction at the same speed as the wave itself .
The head of the vector D meets the head of the vertical vector .
Human cells that contain one set of chromosomes are called gametes , or sex cells ; these are eggs and sperm , and are designated 1n , or haploid . There are 23 pairs of homologous chromosomes in a female human somatic cell .
The president may not be able to appoint key members of his or her administration without Senate confirmation , but he or she can demand the resignation or removal of cabinet officers , high - ranking appointees ( such as ambassadors ) , and members of the presidential staff .
A common starting point is for antitrust regulators to use statistical tools and real - world evidence to estimate the demand curves and supply curves faced by the firms that are proposing the merger .
In sociology , the hypothesis will often predict how one form of human behavior influences another .
2799 .
In the Theory X approach to management , managers assume that most people dislike work and are not innately self - directed .
Then , mRNA can be produced by transcription of the viral DNA that was integrated into the host genome .
Culture is transmitted to people through language as well as through the modeling of culturally acceptable and nonacceptable behaviors that are either rewarded or punished ( Triandis & Suh , 2002 ) .
2512 .
Others , called achieved statuses , are obtained by choice , such as a high school dropout , self - made millionaire , or nurse .
864 .
Sometimes a dendritic cell presents on the surface of other cells to induce an immune response , thus functioning as an antigen - presenting cell .
2523 .
Examples of organelles include mitochondria and chloroplasts , which carry out indispensable functions : mitochondria produce energy to power the cell , while chloroplasts enable green plants to utilize the energy in sunlight to make sugars .
This means the signaling cell and the target cell can be the same or a similar cell ( the prefix auto- means self , a reminder that the signaling cell sends a signal to itself ) .
Arizona State Legislature v. Arizona Independent Redistricting Commission , 135 S. Ct . 2652 ( 2015 ) .
The ground tissue towards the interior of the vascular tissue in a stem or root is known as pith , while the layer of tissue between the vascular tissue and the epidermis is known as the cortex .
Let us start by finding an equation relating ω ω size 12 { ω } { } , α α size 12 { α } { } , and t t size 12 { t } { } .
Evolution of tetrapods from fishes represented a significant change in body plan from one suited to organisms that respired and swam in water , to organisms that breathed air and moved onto land ; these changes occurred over a span of 50 million years during the Devonian period .
The chewing and wetting action provided by the teeth and saliva prepare the food into a mass called the bolus for swallowing .
PsyD programs generally place less emphasis on research - oriented skills and focus more on application of psychological principles in the clinical context ( Norcorss & Castle , 2002 ) .
Its members were abolitionists who fervently believed slavery was evil and should be ended , and that this was best accomplished by political means .
As the name suggests , joining them is voluntary and typically done because people find membership rewarding in an intangible way .
Marx believed that conflict between groups struggling to either attain wealth and power or keep the wealth and power they had was inevitable in a capitalist society , and conflict was the only way for the underprivileged to eventually gain some measure of equality .
5001 .
2599 .
The speculation included favorability polls on Hillary Clinton , which measured how positively voters felt about her as a candidate .
4405 .
Lastly , the Telephone Consumer Protection Act ( 1991 ) made automated calls to cell phones illegal , which leaves a large population of potential respondents inaccessible to robo - polls . Mark Blumenthal , “ The Case for Robo - Pollsters : Automated Interviewers Have Their Drawbacks , But Fewer Than Their Critics Suggest , ” National Journal , 14 September 2009 .
“ An Update to the Budget and Economic Outlook : 2014 to 2024 , ” 27 August 2014 . https://www.cbo.gov/publication/45653 ( March 1 , 2016 ) .
The Lehrman Institute .
Some churches and businesses continue to argue that no one should be compelled by the government to recognize or support a marriage between members of the same sex if it conflicts with their religious beliefs . National Conference of State Legislatures .
In the United States , as well as many other countries , it is illegal for firms to collude since collusion is anti - competitive behavior , which is a violation of antitrust law .
167 .
This superposition produces pure constructive interference .
1666 .
4124 .
Language is a communication system that involves using words and systematic rules to organize those words to transmit information from one individual to another .
6744 .
These cells are arranged in a stratified layer , but they have the capability of appearing to pile up on top of each other in a relaxed , empty bladder , as illustrated in [ link ] .
4647 .
5079 .
Rosie , who was a composite based on several real women , was most famously depicted by American illustrator Norman Rockwell .
Species richness is the term that is used to describe the number of species living in a habitat or biome .
Most allosterically regulated enzymes are made up of more than one polypeptide , meaning that they have more than one protein subunit .
These are examples of proactive interference : when old information hinders the recall of newly learned information .
3133 .
5833 .
3322 .
Very few people can recall events in this way ; right now , only 12 known individuals have this ability , and only a few have been studied ( Parker , Cahill & McGaugh 2006 ) .
Therefore , when calculating the growth rate of a population , the death rate ( D ) ( number organisms that die during a particular time interval ) is subtracted from the birth rate ( B ) ( number organisms that are born during that interval ) .
However , the Anti - Federalists argued that the Federalists ’ position was incorrect and perhaps even insincere .
Nullification also raised the specter of secession ; aggrieved states at the mercy of an aggressive majority would be forced to leave the Union .
53 .
4400 .
Craniata , including this fish ( Dunkleosteus sp .
4905 .
As you might recall , we use reference groups to assess and understand how to act , to dress , and to behave .
Recall that in a short - term stress response , the hormones epinephrine and norepinephrine are important for providing the bursts of energy required for the body to respond .
The New Deal programs President Franklin D. Roosevelt proposed as a means to tackle the Great Depression ran afoul of the dual - federalism mindset of the justices on the Supreme Court in the 1930s .
Economists call this intertemporal decision making because it involves decisions across time .
Bandura ( 1977 , 1995 ) has studied a number of cognitive and personal factors that affect learning and personality development , and most recently has focused on the concept of self - efficacy .
The end of the Civil War saw the beginning of the Reconstruction era , when former rebel Southern states were integrated back into the Union .
Property taxes can be assessed on homes , land , and businesses .
In addition to reviving the economy and reducing the size of the federal government , Ronald Reagan also wished to restore American stature in the world .
Note that the distance between two positions is not the same as the distance traveled between them .
The ideal gas law states that
It views government with suspicion , since history includes many examples of monarchs and leaders who limited citizens ’ rights .
The two populations of T cells have different mechanisms of immune protection , but both bind MHC molecules via their antigen receptors called T cell receptors ( TCRs ) .
3451 .
However , the Supreme Court in City of Boerne v. Flores ( 1997 ) ruled that the 1993 law applied only to the federal government and not to state governments .
The lobbyist ’s primary goal is usually to influence policy .
At the same time , however , Nixon authorized the bombing of neighboring Cambodia , which had declared its neutrality , in an effort to destroy North Vietnamese and Viet Cong bases within that country and cut off supply routes between North and South Vietnam .
4269 .
We can measure correlation by calculating a statistic known as a correlation coefficient .
6287 .
4117 .
In Rockefeller ’s case , this model required investment and acquisition of companies involved in everything from barrel - making to pipelines , tanker cars to railroads .
Thus , meiosis I is the first round of meiotic division and consists of prophase I , prometaphase I , and so on .
Electric power causes undesired heating effects whenever electric energy is converted to thermal energy at a rate faster than it can be safely dissipated .
Four of these subunits , denoted α , α , β , and β ' comprise the polymerase core enzyme .
Credentialism embodies the emphasis on certificates or degrees to show that a person has a certain skill , has attained a certain level of education , or has met certain job qualifications .
Both produce dead space , regions of broken down or blocked lung tissue .
In some families , the parents do not work together to make rules , or one parent may undermine the other , leading the children to act out .
1974 .
The middle layer is the web - like arachnoid mater .
3088 .
These signals are transmitted electrically across the soma and down a major extension from the soma known as the axon , which ends at multiple terminal buttons .
In 2012 , citizen journalists caught both presidential candidates by surprise .
The FCC , which now has only five members ( [ link ] ) , requires radio stations to apply for licenses , granted only if stations follow rules about limiting advertising , providing a public forum for discussion , and serving local and minority communities .
837 .
William Lake , Letter from the FCC Regarding Capstar Texas LLX , 8 May 2014 , http://bradblog.com/Docs/FCC_ZappleDoctrineRuling_050814.pdf .
Sixty percent of societies , mostly modernized nations , follow a bilateral descent pattern .
The following Work It Out feature shows how this happens .
The president hoped that by nominating a former senator from the opposition he could ensure the confirmation process would go smoothly .
[ link ] is a Feynman diagram showing how the weak nuclear force is transmitted by the carrier particle Z 0 Z 0 size 12 { Z rSup { size 8 { 0 } } } { } , similar to the diagrams in [ link ] and [ link ] for the electromagnetic and strong nuclear forces .
Ivan Pavlov ’s research on the digestive system of dogs unexpectedly led to his discovery of the learning process now known as classical conditioning .
Many inexpensive reflector buttons on bicycles , cars , and warning signs have corner reflectors designed to return light in the direction from which it originated .
3240 .
Protestant missionaries were allowed to “ adopt ” various tribes , to convert them to Christianity and thus speed their assimilation .
[ link ] shows the organ systems of a typical plant .
3876 .
Many polling companies try to avoid leading questions , which lead respondents to select a predetermined answer , because they want to know what people really think .
With a Ph.D. in economics from Yale University , Yellen has taught macroeconomics at Harvard , the London School of Economics , and most recently at the University of California at Berkeley .
Turtles are members of the clade Testudines ( “ having a shell ” ) ( [ link ] ) .
This ensures adequate levels of progesterone that will maintain the endometrium of the uterus for the support of the developing embryo .
The offenses at Abu Ghraib were documented by photographs of the abuse , some taken by the abusers themselves ( [ link ] ) .
Beyond these favorable court rulings , however , progress toward equality for African Americans remained slow in the 1950s .
972 .
The first , McConnell v. Federal Election Commission ( 2003 ) , resulted in the Supreme Court ’s upholding the act ’s restrictions on how candidates and parties could spend campaign contributions .
These reactions are similar for most macromolecules , but each monomer and polymer reaction is specific for its class .
A uniporter carries one specific ion or molecule .
Meritocracy
The CPI is calculated by government statisticians at the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics based on the prices in a fixed basket of goods and services that represents the purchases of the average family of four .
When two lineages stem from the same branch point , they are called sister taxa .
5747 .
6248 .
2934 .
On March 25 , 2010 , both chambers of Congress passed the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act ( HCERA ) .
In a process called microlensing , light from the star is focused and the star appears to brighten in a characteristic manner .
After Miers ’ withdrawal , the Senate went on to confirm Bush ’s subsequent nomination of Samuel Alito , who remains on the Court today .
739 .
The airway obstruction is caused by inflammation of the airways ( leading to thickening of the airway walls ) and a tightening of the muscles around them , resulting in a narrowing of the airways ( [ link ] ) ( American Lung Association , 2010 ) .
If sociology is the systematic study of human behavior in society , medical sociology is the systematic study of how humans manage issues of health and illness , disease and disorders , and healthcare for both the sick and the healthy .
The cells , called chondrocytes , make the matrix and fibers of the tissue .
Biologists may pursue one of those subdisciplines and work in a more focused field .
Both levels have three basic tiers consisting of trial courts , appellate courts , and finally courts of last resort , typically called supreme courts , at the top ( [ link ] ) .
The national government was limited , lacking both a president to oversee domestic and foreign policy and a system of federal courts to settle disputes between the states .
New York Times Co. v. United States , 403 U.S. 713 ( 1971 ) .
3744 .
When we think of crime , we often picture street crime , or offenses committed by ordinary people against other people or organizations , usually in public spaces .
Rather than starting with what ought to happen and seeking ways to make it so , policy analysts try to identify all the possible choices available to a decision maker and then gauge their impacts if implemented .
7026 .
1293 .
5481 .
5917 .
For example , for this trip to the store , the position , velocity , and speed - vs. - time graphs are displayed in [ link ] .
If all prices , wages , and interest rates adjusted automatically and immediately with inflation , as in the Land of Funny Money , then no one ’s purchasing power , profits , or real loan payments would change .
5054 .
This constellation of physiological changes , known as the fight or flight response , allows the body access to energy reserves and heightened sensory capacity so that it might fight off a threat or run away to safety .
3532 .
U.S. exports will be relatively more expensive , and the quantity of exports sold will fall .
7042 .
Group VI viruses have diploid ( two copies ) ssRNA genomes that must be converted , using the enzyme reverse transcriptase , to dsDNA ; the dsDNA is then transported to the nucleus of the host cell and inserted into the host genome .
Also , the weathering of sulfur - containing rocks releases sulfur into the soil .
Perhaps the most important characteristic of the universe is that all galaxies except those in our local cluster seem to be moving away from us at speeds proportional to their distance from our galaxy .
Weather patterns not only left the fields dry , they also brought tornadoes , droughts , blizzards , and insect swarms .
For instance , Abraham Lincoln won the presidency in 1860 even though he clearly lacked majority support given the number of candidates in the race .
This is called atomic de - excitation .
Memory and identity become disturbed ; these disturbances have a psychological rather than physical cause . 4220 .
4517 .
But presidents have typically used this loophole to get around a Senate that ’s inclined to obstruct .
5520 .
For example , the disproportionate number of black men arrested , charged , and convicted of crimes may reflect racial profiling , a form of institutional racism .
2041 .
The physics of fluids in motion — fluid dynamics — allows us to answer these and many other questions .
While some moved west , the vast majority of this Great Migration , as the large exodus of African Americans leaving the South in the early twentieth century was called , traveled to the Northeast and Upper Midwest .
It is interesting to note that several of the biggest unions in the country are made up of government workers , including the American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees ( AFSCME ) ; the Service Employees International Union ; and the National Education Association .
As early as Franklin D. Roosevelt ’s administration in the 1930s , presidents have regularly polled the public , and since Richard Nixon ’s term ( 1969–1974 ) , they have admitted to using polling as part of the decision - making process .
4282 .
Referred to as Neornithes ( “ new birds ” ) , modern birds are now classified into two groups , the Paleognathae ( “ old jaw ” ) or ratites , a group of flightless birds including ostriches , emus , rheas , and kiwis , and the Neognathae ( “ new jaw ” ) , which includes all other birds .
Qualitative sociology seeks to understand human behavior by learning about it through in - depth interviews , focus groups , and analysis of content sources ( like books , magazines , journals , and popular media ) .
In Elazar ’s framework , states with a moralistic political culture see the government as a means to better society and promote the general welfare .
In addition , de facto segregation in Ferguson ’s schools , a race - based wealth gap , urban sprawl , and a black unemployment rate three times that of the white unemployment rate worsened existing racial tensions in Ferguson while also reflecting nationwide racial inequalities ( Bouie 2014).Multiple IdentitiesGolfer Tiger Woods has Chinese , Thai , African American , Native American , and Dutch heritage .
4137 .
The cochlea is a whorled structure , like the shell of a snail , and it contains receptors for transduction of the mechanical wave into an electrical signal ( as illustrated in [ link ] ) .
It is not necessary to transfer excess charge directly to an object in order to charge it .
There are ninety - four U.S. district courts in the fifty states and U.S. territories , of which eighty - nine are in the states ( at least one in each state ) .
370 .
In the wake of the Civil War , President Andrew Johnson faced congressional contempt for decisions made during Reconstruction .
3137 .
Matt Sedensky .
Meristematic tissues consist of three types , based on their location in the plant .
The neurotransmitter diffuses across the synaptic cleft and binds to receptor proteins on the postsynaptic membrane .
The vertebrate in [ link ] is a shared ancestral character .
Rather , we do not have to .
2324 .
Much like racism and sexism , heterosexism is a systematic disadvantage embedded in our social institutions , offering power to those who conform to hetereosexual orientation while simultaneously disadvantaging those who do not .
Theta waves still dominate the activity of the brain , but they are interrupted by brief bursts of activity known as sleep spindles ( [ link ] ) .
For example , when a child misbehaves , a parent can take away a favorite toy .
2796 .
The problem is solved with the help of a primer that provides the free 3'-OH end .
The Federalists reasoned that the limited set of enumerated powers of Congress , along with the limitations on those powers in Article I , Section 9 , would suffice , and no separate bill of rights was needed .
3409 .
By 1980 , evangelical Christians had become an important political and social force in the United States ( [ link ] ) .
Scores of states considered legislation and ballot initiatives on the question .
3467 .
Sugar Supply and Demand When there is free trade , the equilibrium is at point A .
Any ideas that Roosevelt held almost did not come to fruition , thanks to a would - be assassin ’s bullet .
In sociological terms , society refers to a group of people who live in a definable community and share the same culture .
4820 .
Like light waves , the physical properties of sound waves are associated with various aspects of our perception of sound .
6643 .
The story of the HCERA , which expanded and improved some provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ( ACA ) , also known as Obamacare , is a complicated tale of insider politics in which the Democratic Party was able to enact sweeping health care and higher education reforms over fierce Republican opposition ( [ link ] ) .
At the party ’s New York State convention in Buffalo , Martin Van Buren ’s antislavery supporters — called Barnburners because they were likened to farmers who were willing to burn down their own barn to get rid of a rat infestation — spoke in favor of the proviso .
5633 .
In this section , we will learn about each type of power and the foundations of legitimacy they claim .
One core goal of ecology is to understand the distribution and abundance of living things in the physical environment .
Projectile motion is the motion of an object thrown or projected into the air , subject to only the acceleration of gravity .
Mexican American civil rights leaders were active in other areas as well .
546 .
1668 .
In effect , the price floor causes the area H to be transferred from consumer to producer surplus , but also causes a deadweight loss of J + K . 4312 .
Can you remember every event you have experienced over the course of your life — meals , conversations , clothing choices , weather conditions , and so on ?
Abraham Lincoln , too , famously ignored Chief Justice Roger B .
The other is legal monopoly , where laws prohibit ( or severely limit ) competition .
357 .
5790 .
A thigmonastic response is a touch response independent of the direction of stimulus [ link ] .
The nucleus - first hypothesis proposes that the nucleus evolved in prokaryotes first ( [ link ] a ) , followed by a later fusion of the new eukaryote with bacteria that became mitochondria .
In 1988 , British environmentalist Norman Myers developed a conservation concept to identify areas rich in species and at significant risk for species loss : biodiversity hotspots .
3756 .
1886 .
5780 .
This would seem to suggest that the pattern of activity in facial muscles involved in generating emotional expressions is universal , and indeed , this idea was suggested in the late 19th century in Charles Darwin ’s book The Expression of Emotions in Man and Animals ( 1872 ) .
907 .
EMILY ’s List , a political action group , was founded on this principle ; its name is an acronym for “ Early Money Is Like Yeast ” ( it makes the dough rise ) .
Okies were an emblem of the failure of the American breadbasket to deliver on its promise , and their story was made famous in John Steinbeck ’s novel , The Grapes of Wrath .
Thus , the long - run average cost ( LRAC ) curve is actually based on a group of short - run average cost ( SRAC ) curves , each of which represents one specific level of fixed costs .
This interaction is called a hydrogen bond .
Reproductive cloning is a method used to make a clone or an identical copy of an entire multicellular organism .
Financial frauds such as insurance scams , Ponzi schemes , and improper practices by banks can devastate families who lose their savings or home . An often - debated third type of crime is victimless crime .
The intersection of the aggregate expenditure line with the 45-degree line — at point E0 in [ link ] — will show the equilibrium for the economy , because it is the point where aggregate expenditure is equal to output or real GDP .
President Richard Nixon faced an overwhelming likelihood of impeachment in the House for his cover - up of key information relating to the 1972 break - in at the Democratic Party ’s campaign headquarters at the Watergate hotel and apartment complex .
5794 .
Divergent thinking can be described as thinking “ outside the box ; ” it allows an individual to arrive at unique , multiple solutions to a given problem .
The act ’s Merit Systems Protection Board is a quasi - juridical institutional board headed by three members appointed by the president and confirmed by the Senate that hears complaints , conducts investigations into possible abuses , and institutes protections for bureaucrats who speak out .
The term group is an amorphous one and can refer to a wide variety of gatherings , from just two people ( think about a “ group project ” in school when you partner with another student ) , a club , a regular gathering of friends , or people who work together or share a hobby .
5480 .
The Kennedy campaign ran interesting and engaging ads , featuring Kennedy , his wife Jacqueline , and everyday citizens who supported him .
All other physical quantities , such as force and electric charge , can be expressed as algebraic combinations of length , mass , time , and current ( for example , speed is length divided by time ) ; these units are called derived units .
Also , those with extra money that they would like to save can store their money in a bank rather than look for an individual that is willing to borrow it from them and then repay them at a later date .
6989 .
A civil rights group like the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People ( NAACP ) will keep track of proposed voter - identification bills in state legislatures that might have an effect on voting rights .
Of all the political thinkers who influenced American beliefs about government , the most important is surely John Locke ( [ link ] ) .
Since dumping is not allowed under the rules of the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) , nations that believe they are on the receiving end of dumped goods can file a complaint with the WTO .
Both methods have advantages and disadvantages .
The roots of the plant connect with the underground parts of the fungus forming mycorrhizae .
The lac operon encodes the genes necessary to acquire and process the lactose from the local environment .
3785 .
Once the ARRA had been passed , Obama began travelling again , speaking locally about why the country needed the Affordable Care Act and guiding media coverage to promote support for the act .
Congress passed the Boulder Canyon Project Act , authorizing the construction of one of the most ambitious engineering feats in U.S. history .
The gap between exports and imports is called the trade balance .
As mentioned above , the monarchies of most modern nations are ceremonial remnants of tradition , and individuals who hold titles in such sovereignties are often aristocratic figureheads .
This point is illustrated in [ link ] .
It should also be falsifiable , meaning that it can be disproven by experimental results .
The Whigs worked to depose James , and in late 1688 they succeeded , an event they celebrated as the Glorious Revolution while James fled to the court of Louis XIV in France .
The plasma membrane of a skeletal muscle fiber is called the sarcolemma .
The most commonly used tool of monetary policy in the U.S. is open market operations .
1004 .
In authoritarian style , the parent places high value on conformity and obedience .
Presidents also issue executive agreements with foreign powers .
The abundance of European goods gave rise to new artistic objects .
A nectar guide includes regions on the flower petals that are visible only to bees , and not to humans ; it helps to guide bees to the center of the flower , thus making the pollination process more efficient .
6732 .
5951 .
Such low levels may help certain repair mechanisms to develop or enable cells to adapt to the effects of the low exposures .
In 2001 , approval spiked after the September 11 terrorist attacks and the Bush administration launched the " War on Terror , " sending troops first to Afghanistan and later to Iraq .
But lawmakers also rely on lobbyists for information about ideas they can champion and that will benefit them when they run for reelection . Wright , Interest Groups and Congress : Lobbying , Contributions , and Influence .
Conflict theory was greatly influenced by the work of German philosopher , economist , and social scientist Karl Marx .
Failure to notice something that is completely visible because of a lack of attention is called inattentional blindness .
The auditory cortex , the main area responsible for processing auditory information , is located within the temporal lobe .
Mendel ’s law of independent assortment states that genes do not influence each other with regard to the sorting of alleles into gametes , and every possible combination of alleles for every gene is equally likely to occur .
The nutrients at the bottom of lakes are recycled twice each year : in the spring and fall turnover .
3452 .
Cnidarians contain specialized cells known as cnidocytes ( “ stinging cells ” ) containing organelles called nematocysts ( stingers ) .
It is located between the digestive tube and the nerve cord , and provides skeletal support through the length of the body .
4481 .
6121 .
4959 .
5506 .
Progress in registering African American voters remained slow in many states despite increased federal activity supporting it , so civil rights leaders including Martin Luther King , Jr. decided to draw the public eye to the area where the greatest resistance to voter registration drives were taking place .
In positive reinforcement , a desirable stimulus is added to increase a behavior .
The tokamak , shown in [ link ] , has shown particular promise .
Philosophers draw a distinction between positive statements , which describe the world as it is , and normative statements , which describe how the world should be .
These metropolises use vast quantities of natural resources and are a growing part of the U.S. landscape . The suburban sprawl in Toronto means long commutes and traffic congestion .
We illustrate what each country is capable of producing on its own using a production possibility frontier ( PPF ) graph , shown in [ link ] .
4190 .
In 1903 , Scott published two books : The Theory of Advertising and Psychology of Advertising .
Polycarpic plants form flowers many times during their lifetime .
A pollution charge gives a profit - maximizing firm an incentive to figure out ways to reduce its emissions — as long as the marginal cost of reducing the emissions is less than the tax .
6143 .
56 .
These fossils from South Australia date back 650 million years , actually placing the putative animal before the great ice age extinction event that marked the transition between the Cryogenian period and the Ediacaran period .
Despite the ongoing economic recovery , the job market is actually growing in some areas , but in a very polarized fashion .
The speed at which an ecosystem recovers equilibrium after being disturbed , called its resilience .
6367 .
New Orleans and the vast Mississippi River Valley had been successfully defended , ensuring the future of American settlement and commerce .
Or , we have a hunch about how something works and then look for evidence to support that hunch , ignoring evidence that would tell us our hunch is false ; this is known as confirmation bias .
4703 .
The formation of ammonia itself requires energy in the form of ATP and large quantities of water to dilute it out of a biological system .
Nuclear decay gave the first indication of the connection between mass and energy , and it revealed the existence of two of the four basic forces in nature .
Captaculae serve to catch and manipulate prey .
Gap junctions in animal cells are like plasmodesmata in plant cells in that they are channels between adjacent cells that allow for the transport of ions , nutrients , and other substances that enable cells to communicate ( [ link ] ) .
The first rule is the application of conservation of charge , while the second rule is the application of conservation of energy .
Over time , Congress and the president have strengthened these protections with additional acts .
5851 .
The ERA , written by Alice Paul and Crystal Eastman , was first proposed to Congress , unsuccessfully , in 1923 .
Taking a lesson from Goldwater ’s experience , Nixon also employed a southern strategy in 1968 .
The 1978 American Indian Religious Freedom Act granted tribes the right to conduct traditional ceremonies and rituals , including those that use otherwise prohibited substances like peyote cactus and eagle bones , which can be procured only from vulnerable or protected species .
3781 .
942 .
1989 .
President Adams had appointed William Marbury to a position in Washington , DC , but his commission was not delivered before Adams left office .
4029 .
Garland is highly respected by senators from both parties and won confirmation to his DC circuit position by a 76 – 23 vote in the Senate .
When synapsed , homologous chromosomes undergo reciprocal physical exchanges at their arms in a process called homologous recombination , or more simply , “ crossing over . ”
The ionosphere is responsible for a range of phenomena including the electric field surrounding Earth .
White middle - class reformers were appalled at the violence of race relations in the nation but typically shared the belief in racial characteristics and the superiority of Anglo - Saxon whites over African Americans , Asians , “ ethnic ” Europeans , Indians , and Latin American populations .
1974 .
7055 .
2029 .
5402 .
Cis and trans indicate the configuration of the molecule around the double bond .
Immunodeficiency can be acquired as a result of infection with certain pathogens ( such as HIV ) , chemical exposure ( including certain medical treatments ) , malnutrition , or possibly by extreme stress .
6640 .
The world ’s most densely populated cities are now largely concentrated in the global south , a marked change from several decades ago when the biggest cities were found in the global north .
Iraqi prisoners of war were abused by their American captors in Abu Ghraib prison , during the second Iraq war .
Voltage - gated ion channels regulate the relative concentrations of different ions inside and outside the cell .
Monopolistic competition involves many firms competing against each other , but selling products that are distinctive in some way .
No universal definition of psychological disorder exists that can apply to all situations in which a disorder is thought to be present ( Zachar & Kendler , 2007 ) .
A drought decreases the supply of agricultural products , which means that at any given price , a lower quantity will be supplied ; conversely , especially good weather would shift the supply curve to the right .
In an effort to turn public support into a weapon against those in opposition , Wilson embarked on a cross - country railway speaking tour .
In most high - income economies , including the United States , goods make up less than half of a country ’s total production , while services compose more than half .
Challenges faced by these middle - income countries are a legacy of government economic controls that for political reasons can be dismantled only slowly over time .
774 .
3534 .
This energy is harvested from ATP generated through the cell ’s metabolism .
3383 .
Although irreversibility is seen in day - to - day life — a broken glass does not resume its original state , for instance — complete irreversibility is a statistical statement that can not be seen during the lifetime of the universe .
The brainstem , illustrated in [ link ] , connects the rest of the brain with the spinal cord .
The case led to a public backlash against the use of eminent domain and legal changes in many states , making it harder for cities to take property from one private party and give it to another for economic redevelopment purposes .
Additionally , populations do not usually exist in isolation .
2575 .
During the second phase , megagametogenesis , the surviving haploid megaspore undergoes mitosis to produce an eight - nucleate , seven - cell female gametophyte , also known as the megagametophyte or embryo sac .
Craig v. Boren , 429 U.S. 190 ( 1976 ) ; Clark v. Jeter , 486 U.S. 456 ( 1988 ) .
2316 .
The federal government funded this important artery to the West , beginning the creation of a transportation infrastructure for the benefit of settlers and farmers .
However , joint committees have no bill - referral authority whatsoever — they are informational only .
825 .
5394 . cultural imperialism , the deliberate imposition of one ’s own cultural values on another culture .
In this stage , children can think logically about real ( concrete ) events ; they have a firm grasp on the use of numbers and start to employ memory strategies .
A granzyme is a protease that digests cellular proteins and induces the target cell to undergo programmed cell death , or apoptosis .
1764 .
A reduction in income will cause the budget constraint to shift to the left , which will cause it to be tangent to a lower indifference curve , representing a reduced level of utility .
1368 .
However , with no power to raise an army , the government had no troops at its disposal .
In 1941 , although Roosevelt had yet to meet Soviet premier Joseph Stalin , he had confidence that he could forge a positive relationship with him , a confidence that Churchill believed was born of naiveté .
Carbon sediments from the ocean floor are taken deep within the Earth by the process of subduction : the movement of one tectonic plate beneath another .
242 .
According to Freud , children ’s pleasure - seeking urges are focused on a different area of the body , called an erogenous zone , at each of the five stages of development : oral , anal , phallic , latency , and genital . While most of Freud ’s ideas have not found support in modern research , we can not discount the contributions that Freud has made to the field of psychology .
Children in this stage can not perform mental operations because they have not developed an understanding of conservation , which is the idea that even if you change the appearance of something , it is still equal in size as long as nothing has been removed or added .
In [ link ] , producer surplus is the area labeled G — that is , the area between the market price and the segment of the supply curve below the equilibrium .
Job stress affects job satisfaction .
If the cell can not catabolize the pyruvate molecules further , it will harvest only two ATP molecules from one molecule of glucose .
3100 .
5371 .
A central bank can implement soft peg and hard peg policies .
This process uses a coating protein , called caveolin , on the cytoplasmic side of the plasma membrane , which performs a similar function to clathrin .
Net production efficiency ( NPE ) allows ecologists to quantify how efficiently organisms of a particular trophic level incorporate the energy they receive into biomass ; it is calculated using the following formula :
Everything that is purchased must be produced first .
336 .
An energetic speaker and tireless Progressive , Governor Robert “ Fighting Bob ” La Follette turned the state of Wisconsin into a flagship for democratic reform .
1880 .
Inflation blurs those price messages .
McCullen v. Coakley , 573 U.S. _ _ ( 2014 ) ; Melissa Jeltsen , “ The Reality of Abortion Clinics without Buffer Zones , ” The Huffington Post , 13 July 2014 .
The ground substance is made of an organic substance ( usually a protein ) and an inorganic substance ( usually a mineral or water ) .
There are two types of nephrons — cortical nephrons ( 85 percent ) , which are deep in the renal cortex , and juxtamedullary nephrons ( 15 percent ) , which lie in the renal cortex close to the renal medulla .
Generally , most people think of this portion of the ocean as a sandy beach .
4536 .
There is the same reason , therefore , that the exercise of power , in this case , should be restrained within proper limits , as in that of the state governments .
The Social Security payroll tax is proportional up to the wage limit , but above that level it becomes a regressive tax , meaning that people with higher incomes pay a smaller share of their income in tax .
PVPV size 12 { ital " PV " } { } diagrams clearly illustrate that the work done depends on the path taken and not just the endpoints .
The innate immune system contains cells that detect potentially harmful antigens , and then inform the adaptive immune response about the presence of these antigens .
For example , when you stare briefly at the sun and then look away from it , you may still perceive a spot of light although the stimulus ( the sun ) has been removed . 3616 .
Because the disturbances are in the opposite direction for this superposition , the resulting amplitude is zero for pure destructive interference — the waves completely cancel .
6639 .
E - waste is the name for obsolete , broken , and worn - out electronics — from computers to mobile phones to televisions .
The Half - Breeds , who received their derogatory nickname from Stalwart supporters who considered Blaine ’s group to be only “ half - Republican , ” advocated for some measure of civil service reform .
3469 .
What is on the supply and demand sides of financial capital ?
1106 .
If such bodies pass between us and a star , they will not block the star ’s light , being too small , but they will form a gravitational lens , as discussed in General Relativity and Quantum Gravity .
Odorants ( odor molecules ) enter the nose and dissolve in the olfactory epithelium , the mucosa at the back of the nasal cavity ( as illustrated in [ link ] ) .
The molarity of a solution is the number of moles of solute per liter of solution .
Increasingly , however , we are able to obtain that information using brain imaging techniques on individuals who have not suffered brain injury .
2743 .
McCarthy and Zald ( 1977 ) conceptualize resource mobilization theory as a way to explain movement success in terms of the ability to acquire resources and mobilize individuals .
The amplitude of a wave is the height of a wave as measured from the highest point on the wave ( peak or crest ) to the lowest point on the wave ( trough ) .
Osmosis is the diffusion of water across a membrane in response to osmotic pressure caused by an imbalance of molecules on either side of the membrane .
Every bank is required by law to pay a fee to the FDIC , based on the size of its deposits .
Journalists found that many states , including Florida , had large numbers of phantom voters on their rolls , voters had moved or died but remained on the states ’ voter registration rolls .
3977 .
One way they do this is by inhibiting the production of lymphocytes , white blood cells that circulate in the body ’s fluids that are important in the immune response ( Everly & Lating , 2002 ) .
What makes them the first true seed plants is that they developed structures called cupules to enclose and protect the ovule — the female gametophyte and associated tissues — which develops into a seed upon fertilization .
The economy is in equilibrium but with less than full employment , as shown at Y1 in the [ link ] .
Finally , laws were passed to promote urban renewal , public housing development , and affordable housing .
Some journals require a results section followed by a discussion section , but it is more common to combine both .
( credit : The U.S. Army )
For this reason , surveys may contain a quiz with questions that determine whether the respondent knows enough about the situation to answer survey questions accurately .
A relatively small number of groups or individuals bear the costs of regulatory policy , but its benefits are expected to be distributed broadly across society .
There are specific directions for the oscillations of the electric and magnetic fields .
The corresponding amino acid must be added later , once the tRNA is processed and exported to the cytoplasm .
In the United States , at a price of 16 cents , the farmers produce a quantity of 72 tons and consumers demand a quantity of 87 tons . 5222 .
Emergency spending does involve Congress through its power of the purse , but Congress tends to give presidents what they need to deal with emergencies .
Our brains take the encoded information and place it in storage .
2468 .
6114 .
When states began to change property requirements for voters in the 1830s , many that had allowed free , property - owning African American men to vote restricted the suffrage to white men .
To ensure that those interpreting the Constitution would recognize that the listing of freedoms and rights in the Bill of Rights was not exhaustive , the Ninth Amendment states :
Thus , banks lower transactions costs and act as financial intermediaries — they bring savers and borrowers together .
In many socialist countries the government is an oligarchy : only members of a certain political party or ruling elite can participate in government .
As the Latin suggests , the primary function for this thick layer is to protect the brain and spinal cord .
It contains the somatosensory cortex , which is essential for processing sensory information from across the body , such as touch , temperature , and pain .
In contrast , the demand curve , as faced by a monopolist , is the market demand curve , since a monopolist is the only firm in the market , and hence is downward sloping .
4226 .
Wertheimer , and his assistants Wolfgang Köhler and Kurt Koffka , who later became his partners , believed that perception involved more than simply combining sensory stimuli .
A model is a representation of something that is often too difficult ( or impossible ) to display directly .
Bureaucracies are , in theory at least , meritocracies , meaning that hiring and promotion is based on proven and documented skills , rather than on nepotism or random choice .
In their first case of significance , Chisholm v. Georgia ( 1793 ) , the justices ruled that the federal courts could hear cases brought by a citizen of one state against a citizen of another state , and that Article III , Section 2 , of the Constitution did not protect the states from facing such an interstate lawsuit .
Ground tissue is mostly made up of parenchyma cells , but may also contain collenchyma and sclerenchyma cells that help support the stem .
5443 .
1170 .
Both victims were drugged , sodomized , and forced to burn one another with cigarettes .
154 .
The nominal value of any economic statistic means the statistic is measured in terms of actual prices that exist at the time .
Yeasts are intermediate , being faculative anaerobes .
2778 .
In the 1960s , President Lyndon Johnson ’s administration expanded the national government ’s role in society even more .
What these Anti - Federalists sought was further assurance that the national government ’s capacity to act directly on behalf of the people would be restricted , which the first ten amendments ( Bill of Rights ) provided .
The variation in the sun ’s intensity is the second natural factor responsible for climate change .
According to a poll of Latino voters in the state by Arizona State University researchers , 81 percent opposed this bill . Daniel González .
This is only one facet of the complex processes involved in cognition .
These two related frog species exhibit temporal reproductive isolation .
As of 2015 , nineteen states and the District of Columbia no longer apply the death penalty in new cases , and several other states do not carry out executions despite sentencing people to death .
The brightest colors are those that interfere constructively .
Another way in which a group presence can affect our performance is social loafing .
Johnson brought to his presidency a vision of a Great Society in which everyone could share in the opportunities for a better life that the United States offered , and in which the words “ liberty and justice for all ” would have real meaning .
Carnegie ’s famous essay , The Gospel of Wealth , featured below , expounded on his beliefs .
335 .
4834 .
One common line graph is called a time series , in which the horizontal axis shows time and the vertical axis displays another variable .
Parasympathetic preganglionic neurons have cell bodies located in the brainstem and in the sacral ( toward the bottom ) spinal cord , as shown in [ link ] .
To illustrate , as part of the investigation into the outing of Valerie Plame as a CIA officer , New York Times reporter Judith Miller was jailed for refusing to reveal “ Scooter ” Libby , Vice President Dick Cheney ’s chief of staff , as her confidential government source .
1478 .
2205 .
3539 .
Cultural deviance theory suggests that conformity to the prevailing cultural norms of lower - class society causes crime .
It should be no surprise that the concept of comparative advantage is based on this idea of opportunity cost from Choice in a World of Scarcity .
2514 .
The Freemasons were a fraternal society that advocated Enlightenment principles of inquiry and tolerance .
5892 .
To a mathematician or an economist , a variable is the name given to a quantity that may assume a range of values .
2487 .
When government borrowing soaks up available financial capital and leaves less for private investment in physical capital , the result is known as crowding out .
Although de jure segregation , segregation mandated by law , had ended on paper , in practice , few efforts were made to integrate schools in most school districts with substantial black student populations until the late 1960s .
Our perceptions are based on perceptual hypotheses : educated guesses that we make while interpreting sensory information .
If a nonpathogenic bacterium takes up DNA for a toxin gene from a pathogen and incorporates the new DNA into its own chromosome , it too may become pathogenic .
602 .
4865 .
The organization hosts rallies , festivals , and concerts that also register voters and promote voter awareness , bringing celebrities and musicians to set examples of civic involvement .
In theory , the amount of revenue raised by the national government should be equal to these expenses , but with the exception of a brief period from 1998 to 2000 , that has not been the case .
For example , U.S. exports of services were equal to about one - half of U.S. exports of goods in 2014 , compared to one - fifth in 1980.The third component of the current account balance , labeled “ income payments , ” refers to money received by U.S. financial investors on their foreign investments ( money flowing into the United States ) and payments to foreign investors who had invested their funds here ( money flowing out of the United States ) .
2733 .
The reverse process of moving material into a cell is the process of exocytosis .
Accessory fruits ( sometimes called false fruits ) are not derived from the ovary , but from another part of the flower , such as the receptacle ( strawberry ) or the hypanthium ( apples and pears ) .
In the light - independent reactions , the chemical energy harvested during the light - dependent reactions drive the assembly of sugar molecules from carbon dioxide .
The metric system is convenient for scientific and engineering calculations because the units are categorized by factors of 10 .
4998 .
The Federalists succeeded in electing their first leader , John Adams , to the presidency in 1796 , only to see the Democratic - Republicans gain victory under Thomas Jefferson four years later in 1800 .
3748 .
By the time the British withdrew from Boston , fighting had broken out in other colonies as well .
Polls about territory seizure by the Islamic State ( or ISIS ) or Russia ’s aid to rebels in Ukraine may include a set of questions to determine whether the respondent reads or hears any international news .
In addition , nothing prevented colonists from building their own fleet of ships to engage in trade .
In mammals , the egg is protected by a layer of extracellular matrix consisting mainly of glycoproteins called the zona pellucida .
4788 .
Some sociologists study social facts , which are the laws , morals , values , religious beliefs , customs , fashions , rituals , and all of the cultural rules that govern social life , that may contribute to these changes in the family .
918 .
The difference between wavelengths relates to the amount of energy carried by them . 305 .
Much of this discrimination is based on stereotypes and misinformation .
The act , which created the program known as Obamacare , represented the first significant overhaul of the American healthcare system since the passage of Medicaid in 1965 .
Class traits indicate the level of exposure a person has to a wide range of cultures .
5095 .
What causes involuntary unemployment ?
This increase in supply drives down world prices of farm products below the costs of production .
This is referred to as the market structure of the industry .
A hypothesis is a suggested explanation for an event , which can be tested .
One study examined whether presidents responded to public opinion by determining how often they wrote amicus briefs and asked the court to affirm or reverse cases .
This movement can be in response to light ( phototaxis ) , chemical signals ( chemotaxis ) , or gravity ( geotaxis ) and can be directed toward ( positive ) or away ( negative ) from the source of the stimulus .
A conceptual model is an ecosystem model that consists of flow charts to show interactions of different compartments of the living and nonliving components of the ecosystem .
Major GlandsThe pituitary gland descends from the hypothalamus at the base of the brain , and acts in close association with it .
This provision became embedded in the public consciousness following the Supreme Court ’s 1966 ruling in Miranda v. Arizona , whereby suspects were required to be informed of their most important rights , including the right against self - incrimination , before being interrogated in police custody .
442 .
Watch this interview with renowned evolutionary psychologist David Buss for an explanation of how a psychologist approaches evolution and how this approach fits within the field of social science .
Large states , like Virginia , felt it would be unfair to continue with this style of legislative institution .
Within the chorus of voices calling for integration and legal equality were many that more stridently demanded empowerment and thus supported Black Power .
For example , the transistor was invented in 1947 .
692 .
In addition to a vacuole - based digestive system , Paramecium also uses contractile vacuoles , which are osmoregulatory vesicles that fill with water as it enters the cell by osmosis and then contract to squeeze water from the cell .
A total of $ 274.7 billion in grants , contracts , and loans was allocated to state and local governments under the ARRA .
5151 .
6746 .
5455 .
Neurons , on the other hand , serve as interconnected information processors that are essential for all of the tasks of the nervous system .
5684 .
The hormones epinephrine ( also known as adrenaline ) and norepinephrine ( also known as noradrenaline ) are released by the adrenal medulla .
Until adolescence , hyaline cartilage persists at the epiphyseal plate ( growth plate ) , which is the region between the diaphysis and epiphysis that is responsible for the lengthwise growth of long bones ( [ link ] ) .
Let us examine both .
We know that a push or pull has both magnitude and direction ( therefore , it is a vector quantity ) and can vary considerably in each regard .
Obama ’s use of technology was a part of life , not a campaign pretense .
( It is important to note that you can not make comparisons between the utils of individuals ; if one person gets 20 utils from a cup of coffee and another gets 10 utils , this does not mean than the first person gets more enjoyment from the coffee than the other or that they enjoy the coffee twice as much . )
Another important statistic is the labor force participation rate .
Therefore , both fresh water and salt water are found in the same vicinity ; mixing results in a diluted ( brackish ) saltwater .
The adrenal glands sit atop our kidneys and secrete hormones involved in the stress response , such as epinephrine ( adrenaline ) and norepinephrine ( noradrenaline ) .
However , because research has failed to demonstrate that Asperger ’s disorder differs qualitatively from autistic disorder , the DSM-5 does not include it , which is prompting concerns among some parents that their children may no longer be eligible for special services ( “ Asperger ’s Syndrome Dropped , ” 2012 ) .
At the other end of the spectrum , a mutual fund might be quite broad ; at the extreme , some mutual funds own a tiny share of every firm in the stock market , and thus the value of the mutual fund will fluctuate with the average of the overall stock market .
The word antibiotic comes from the Greek anti meaning “ against ” and bios meaning “ life . ”
Legislators asked the courts to overturn the popular referendum and end the operation of the redistricting commission .
Because state courts are government institutions and the Fourteenth Amendment prohibits the government from denying people equal protection of the law , the courts ’ enforcement of such covenants would be a violation of the amendment .
5308 .
4212 .
6150 .
In the case of Mendez v. Westminster ( 1947 ) , the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit Court held that the segregation of Mexican and Mexican American students into separate schools was unconstitutional .
A statistical analysis determines how likely any difference found is due to chance ( and thus not meaningful ) .
2794 .
Also shown in [ link ] are maximum electric field strengths in V / m , called dielectric strengths , for several materials .
Craik and Tulving concluded that we process verbal information best through semantic encoding , especially if we apply what is called the self - reference effect .
4196 .
But in the 1970s , starting with Jimmy Carter , presidents made a far more conscious effort to make their vice presidents part of the governing team , placing them in charge of increasingly important issues .
2792 .
The bulk of chemical digestion and nutrient absorption occurs in the jejunum .
The emerging field of complexity is devoted to the study of complex systems , including those outside the traditional bounds of physics .
The number of representatives in the upper chamber would also be based on the state ’s population .
Early in the 2016 election season , several candidates had fundraised well ahead of their opponents .
A physical space in which there is a range of concentrations of a single substance is said to have a concentration gradient .
325 .
As James saw it , psychology ’s purpose was to study the function of behavior in the world , and as such , his perspective was known as functionalism .
609 .
2376 .
However , if other economic variables do not move exactly in sync with inflation , or if they adjust for inflation only after a time lag , then inflation can cause three types of problems : unintended redistributions of purchasing power , blurred price signals , and difficulties in long - term planning .
Proponents of state RFRA laws argued that people and businesses ought not be compelled to endorse practices their religious beliefs held to be immoral or indecent and feared clergy might be compelled to officiate same - sex marriages against their religion ’s teachings .
The seminal vesicles are a pair of glands that lie along the posterior border of the urinary bladder .
725 .
Sleep is a state marked by relatively low levels of physical activity and reduced sensory awareness that is distinct from periods of rest that occur during wakefulness .
Fortunately , a formula exists for calculating the total of these many rounds of lending in a banking system .
563 .
Crookes showed that the electrons carry momentum ( they can make a small paddle wheel rotate ) .
Douglas McGregor ( 1960 ) combined scientific management ( a theory of management that analyzes and synthesizes workflows with the main objective of improving economic efficiency , especially labor productivity ) and human relations into the notion of leadership behavior .
Vertebrates display the four characteristic features of the chordates ; however , members of this group also share derived characteristics that distinguish them from invertebrate chordates .
A final possible cause for polarization is the increasing sophistication of gerrymandering , or the manipulation of legislative districts in an attempt to favor a particular candidate ( [ link ] ) .
When glucose levels decline in the cell , accumulating cAMP binds to the positive regulator catabolite activator protein ( CAP ) , a protein that binds to the promoters of operons that control the processing of alternative sugars .
Located at Los Alamos , New Mexico , the Manhattan Project ultimately employed 150,000 people and cost some $ 2 billion .
3066 .
Infinite elasticity or perfect elasticity refers to the extreme case where either the quantity demanded ( Qd ) or supplied ( Qs ) changes by an infinite amount in response to any change in price at all .
6829 .
The primary organ of taste is the taste bud .
1839 .
Besides the existence of the Electoral College , political scientist Gary W. Cox has also suggested that the relative prosperity of the United States and the relative unity of its citizens have prevented the formation of “ large dissenting groups ” that might give support to third parties .
If skin resistance is bypassed , such as by an intravenous infusion , a catheter , or exposed pacemaker leads , a person is rendered microshock sensitive .
1681 .
2030 .
The most notable is that it prohibits a second prosecution only at the same level of government ( federal or state ) as the first ; the federal government can try you for violating federal law , even if a state or local court finds you not guilty of the same action .
5149 .
The list sometimes includes Hong Kong and Taiwan , although these are often treated under international law as part of China , rather than as separate countries .
Until the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , it was legal in many states to refuse to hire a black worker , regardless of the credentials or experience of that worker .
Opposition to the Federalists led to the formation of Democratic - Republican societies , composed of men who felt the domestic policies of the Washington administration were designed to enrich the few while ignoring everyone else .
And although hyperthymesia normally appears in adolescence , two children in the United States appear to have memories from well before their tenth birthdays .
Following crossover , the synaptonemal complex breaks down and the cohesin connection between homologous pairs is also removed .
For example , an economist could analyze a proposed subway system in a certain city .
The platypus and one species of echidna are found in Australia , and the other species of echidna is found in New Guinea .
However , with its decision in Marbury v. Madison ( 1803 ) , the Supreme Court asserted its authority over judicial review and assumed the power to declare laws unconstitutional . Marbury v. Madison , 5 U.S. 137 ( 1803 ) .
3015 .
While reviewing some of these once - popular theories , it is important to identify their strengths and weaknesses . The set of predictable steps and patterns families experience over time is referred to as the family life cycle .
As the size of the federal government and its bureaucracy grew following the Great Depression and the Roosevelt reforms , many became increasingly concerned that the Pendleton Act prohibitions on political activities by civil servants were no longer strong enough .
This is a catabolic pathway .
In dicots ( eudicots ) , the developing embryo has a heart shape , due to the presence of the two rudimentary cotyledons ( [ link ] b ) .
2788 .
Fracking , another word for hydraulic fracturing , is a method used to recover gas and oil from shale by drilling down into the earth and directing a high - pressure mixture of water , sand , and proprietary chemicals into the rock .
In contrast , if you had obtained a measurement of 12 inches , your measurement would not be very accurate .
The spores are later released by the sporangia and disperse in the environment .
4434 .
The time to get a bill passed is often referred to as the legislative lag .
Negative symptoms are those that reflect noticeable decreases and absences in certain behaviors , emotions , or drives ( Green , 2001 ) .
If banks are required to hold a greater amount in reserves , they have less money available to lend out .
This process is called a glucose - sparing effect .
4008 .
The head - to - tail method is a graphical way to add vectors , described in [ link ] below and in the steps following .
5358 .
Similarly , many Westerners view the multiple manifestations of Hinduism ’s godhead as polytheistic , which is a religion based on belief in multiple deities , , while Hindus might describe those manifestations are a monotheistic parallel to the Christian Trinity .
5720 .
The interior of the body has a much lower resistance than dry skin because of all the ionic solutions and fluids it contains .
His popularity had him hoping to win the presidential race as a third - party candidate .
What about the vast majority of real world firms and organizations that fall between these extremes , firms that could be described as imperfectly competitive ?
2015 .
The abiotic factors influence the distribution of biomes : large areas of land with similar climate , flora , and fauna .
All of the ocean ’s open water is referred to as the pelagic realm ( or zone ) .
During the 2012 presidential election , the Pew Research Center found that both Mitt Romney and President Obama received more negative than positive horserace coverage , with Romney ’s growing more negative as he fell in the polls .
Some prokaryotes thrive in environments that are inhospitable for most living things .
3429 .
1001 .
Lack of progress at the national level prompted them to shift their focus to state legislators , where their advocacy efforts have been more successful .
Conflict Theory
Entire villages disappeared .
This theory , which focuses on rumination in the development of depression , was first described in the late 1980s to explain the higher rates of depression in women than in men ( Nolen - Hoeksema , 1987 ) .
It is quite a broad branch itself , and depending on the subject of study , there are also microbial physiologists , ecologists , and geneticists , among others .
For some topics , the researcher might ask yes - or - no or multiple - choice questions , allowing subjects to choose possible responses to each question .
4182 .
The size of total production in an economy is measured by the gross domestic product ( GDP ) .
6798 .
Following the ideas of Comte and Spencer , Durkheim likened society to a living organism , in which each organ plays a necessary role in keeping the being alive .
A person who has a substance use disorder often uses more of the substance than they originally intended to and continues to use that substance despite experiencing significant adverse consequences .
In adults , the hip bones , or coxal bones , are formed by the fusion of three pairs of bones : the ilium , ischium , and pubis .
1429 .
3127 .
804 .
The most direct forms of membrane transport are passive .
A false negative is an incorrect test result that should have been positive .
Under the Articles of Confederation ( the first constitution of the United States ) , states were sovereign and powerful while the national government was subordinate and weak .
3014 .
475 .
The vertical line at potential GDP may also be referred to as the long run aggregate supply ( LRAS ) curve .
It is important to remember that economics are only part of the SES picture ; research suggests that education also plays an important role .
Normal human hearing encompasses frequencies from 20 to 20,000 Hz , an impressive range .
No one who has been acquitted ( found not guilty ) of a crime can be prosecuted again for that crime .
The use of bacteriophages specific for such bacteria would bypass their resistance to antibiotics and specifically kill them .
This kind of loss can not be treated with hearing aids , but some individuals might be candidates for a cochlear implant as a treatment option .
In 2014 , for example , the average Senate incumbent raised $ 12,144,933 , whereas the average challenger raised only $ 1,223,566 .
The question is open as to how many planets or other bodies smaller than about 1/1000 the mass of the Sun are there .
President Lyndon B. Johnson used the infamous “ Daisy Girl ” ad , which cut from a little girl counting daisy petals to an atomic bomb being dropped , to explain why voters needed to turn out and vote for him .
When a price , wage , or interest rate is adjusted automatically with inflation , it is said to be indexed .
3293 .
293 .
Unlike simple friction , the drag force is proportional to some function of the velocity of the object in that fluid .
Gel electrophoresis is a technique used to separate DNA fragments of different sizes .
1884 .
It also triggers the release of the mineralocorticoid aldosterone from the adrenal cortex , which in turn stimulates the renal tubules to reabsorb more sodium .
In some areas in psychology , it is common for individuals who have recently earned their PhD to seek out positions in postdoctoral training programs that are available before going on to serve as faculty .
Primary sexual characteristics are organs specifically needed for reproduction , like the uterus and ovaries in females and testes in males .
An interesting example of this type of selection is seen in a unique group of lizards of the Pacific Northwest .
This assault on Massachusetts and its economy enraged people throughout the colonies , and delegates from all the colonies except Georgia formed the First Continental Congress to create a unified opposition to Great Britain .
The Spanish , French , and British searched for years before American explorers took up the challenge of finding it .
2782 .
For example , insurance policies often have deductibles , which is an amount that the insurance policyholder must pay out of their own pocket before the insurance coverage starts paying .
5249 .
The nervous system can be divided into two major subdivisions : the central nervous system ( CNS ) and the peripheral nervous system ( PNS ) , shown in [ link ] .
An antigen - presenting cell ( APC ) is an immune cell that detects , engulfs , and informs the adaptive immune response about an infection .
2702 .
4947 .
The outer layers of the zygote ( blastocyst ) grow into the endometrium by digesting the endometrial cells , and wound healing of the endometrium closes up the blastocyst into the tissue .
6754 .
An example of codominance is the MN blood groups of humans .
3106 .
2564 .
Amoebas and some other heterotrophic protist species ingest particles by a process called phagocytosis , in which the cell membrane engulfs a food particle and brings it inward , pinching off an intracellular membranous sac , or vesicle , called a food vacuole ( [ link ] ) .
For example , the bones of the wrist ( carpals ) and ankle ( tarsals ) are short bones ( [ link ] ) .
Unlike earlier hunter - gatherers who depended entirely on existing resources to stay alive , pastoral groups were able to breed livestock for food , clothing , and transportation , and they created a surplus of goods .
The most common nucleotide mutations are substitutions , in which one base is replaced by another .
6424 .
Many shared this perspective and worked hard to keep democratic tendencies in check .
Most fugue episodes last only a few hours or days , but some can last longer . 4222 .
A cypris larva is also seen in the early development of barnacles ( [ link ] ) .
A few months later , in Little Rock , Arkansas , governor Orval Faubus resisted court - ordered integration and mobilized National Guard troops to keep black students out of Central High School .
The largest pool of nitrogen available in the terrestrial ecosystem is gaseous nitrogen from the air , but this nitrogen is not usable by plants , which are primary producers .
5342 .
A classroom or office can be an example of a secondary group .
5326 .
Saenz v. Roe , 526 U.S. 489 ( 1999 ) .
The trend in the stock market is generally up over time , but with some large dips along the way .
If the original level of aggregate demand is AD0 , then an expansionary monetary policy that shifts aggregate demand to AD1 only creates an inflationary increase in the price level , but it does not alter GDP or unemployment .
Weber argued that the increasing complexity of life would simultaneously increase the demands of citizens for government services .
Examples of abduction are moving the arms or legs laterally to lift them straight out to the side .
Such a system is underdamped ; its displacement is represented by the curve in [ link ] .
Most famously , FDR used the radio to broadcast his thirty “ fireside chats ” to the nation between 1933 and 1944 . 6719 .
4693 .
Some statuses are ascribed — those you do not select , such as son , elderly person , or female .
There has been increased conflict over the Second Amendment in recent years due to school shootings and gun violence .
Sleep is characterized by certain patterns of activity of the brain that can be visualized using electroencephalography ( EEG ) , and different phases of sleep can be differentiated using EEG as well ( [ link ] ) .
A fourth style , known as disorganized attachment , was later described ( Main & Solomon , 1990 ) .
1410 .
Intramembranous ossification is the process of bone development from fibrous membranes .
2612 .
Eventually , the dogs began to salivate to the tone alone , just as they previously had salivated at the sound of the assistants ’ footsteps .
Homeostasis is a state of equilibrium , in which biological conditions ( such as body temperature ) are maintained at optimal levels .
The Pilgrims differed from other Puritans in their insistence on separating from what they saw as the corrupt Church of England .
4195 .
2504 .
These include breast development , flaring of the hips , and a shorter period necessary for bone maturation .
As a result , any given election can have multiple winners , and voters who might prefer a smaller party over a major one have a chance to be represented in government ( [ link ] ) .
706 .
The Nile perch was introduced in 1963 , but lay low until the 1980s when its populations began to surge .
Romantic love is defined by having passion and intimacy , but no commitment .
One type of geographic variation , called a cline , can be seen as populations of a given species vary gradually across an ecological gradient .
Casual crowds consist of people who are in the same place at the same time but who are n’t really interacting , such as people standing in line at the post office .
The adrenal glands are associated with the kidneys ; one gland is located on top of each kidney as illustrated in [ link ] .
Predatory pricing is a violation of U.S. antitrust law , but it is difficult to prove .
The definition implies that happiness is a long - term state — what is often characterized as subjective well - being — rather than merely a transient positive mood we all experience from time to time .
4375 .
Three years later , national regulatory capacity was broadened by the Sherman Antitrust Act of 1890 , which made it illegal to monopolize or attempt to monopolize and conspire in restraining commerce ( Figure 03_02_Commerce ) .
2268 .
A court is a system that has the authority to make decisions based on law .
285 .
Among their many functions , minerals help in structure and regulation and are considered co - factors .
The nucleus of the neuron is located in the soma , or cell body .
These secondary sex characteristics include a deepening of the voice , the growth of facial , axillary , and pubic hair , and the beginnings of the sex drive .
At the same time that the federal government sought to restrict Hispanic and Latino immigration to the United States , the Mexican American civil rights movement grew stronger and more radical , just as the African American civil rights movement had done .
In psychology , concepts can be divided into two categories , natural and artificial .
1476 .
Each leaf typically has a leaf blade called the lamina , which is also the widest part of the leaf .
Yet they are not the only important elections .
Some people associate religion with places of worship ( a synagogue or church ) , others with a practice ( confession or meditation ) , and still others with a concept that guides their daily lives ( like dharma or sin ) .
1825 .
The basidiocarp bears the developing basidia on the gills under its cap .
It is the sum of the expiratory reserve volume , tidal volume , and inspiratory reserve volume .
Just two years later , in 1972 , Congress passed and the president signed the far - reaching Clean Water Act .
According to the terms of the act , Alaska Natives received 44 million acres of resource - rich land and more than $ 900 million in cash in exchange for relinquishing claims to ancestral lands to which the state wanted title . U.S .
1906 .
3370 .
Whereas pinacocytes line the outside of the sponge , choanocytes tend to line certain inner portions of the sponge body that surround the mesohyl .
Macro - level theories relate to large - scale issues and large groups of people , while micro - level theories look at very specific relationships between individuals or small groups .
1767 .
In 1998 , the United States , which produces roughly 36 percent of the greenhouse gases like carbon dioxide that prevent the earth ’s heat from escaping into space , signed the Kyoto Protocol , an agreement among the world ’s nations to reduce their emissions of these gases .
Electrical energy is a common form that is converted to many other forms and does work in a wide range of practical situations .
842 .
There are 118 elements , but only 92 occur naturally .
But Nixon ’s victory was short - lived , however , for it was soon discovered that he and members of his administration had routinely engaged in unethical and illegal behavior during his first term .
5538 .
5717 .
1962 .
Read the following Clear It Up feature for more on the number of hours the average person works each year .
6410 .
The media deemed these polls important because they showed Clinton as the frontrunner for the Democrats in the next election .
For example , light that enters the eye causes chemical changes in cells that line the back of the eye .
The poly - A tail , which is attached to the 3 ' end , is usually composed of a series of adenine nucleotides .
Should new international agreements into which the United States enters be forged through the Article II treaty process of the U.S. Constitution , or through executive agreements ?
5421 .
It may either increase or decrease the stimulus , but the stimulus is not allowed to continue as it did before the receptor sensed it .
5411 .
It is also useful to define ecosystem diversity , meaning the number of different ecosystems on the planet or in a given geographic area ( [ link ] ) .
One critique of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act is that it will create a system of socialized medicine , a term that for many people in the United States has negative connotations lingering from the Cold War era and earlier .
Lampreys lack paired appendages and bone , as do the hagfishes .
A population is a group of interbreeding organisms that are members of the same species living in the same area at the same time .
Pew Research Center .
William III ( William of Orange ) and his wife Mary II ascended the throne in 1689 .
6140 .
The idea of capital deepening can apply both to additional human capital per worker and to additional physical capital per worker .
Mendel was the first researcher to see it .
After fertilization , the zygote divides to form two cells : the upper cell , or terminal cell , and the lower , or basal , cell .
In other words , the first slice of pizza brings more satisfaction than the sixth .
Urea concentration in the blood , called blood urea nitrogen or BUN , is used as an indicator of kidney function .
The term venue shopping refers to a strategy in which interest groups select the level and branch of government ( legislature , judiciary , or executive ) they calculate will be most advantageous for them . Frank Baumgartner and Bryan Jones .
Banks are a financial intermediary — that is , an institution that operates between a saver who deposits money in a bank and a borrower who receives a loan from that bank .
A small group is typically one where the collection of people is small enough that all members of the group know each other and share simultaneous interaction , such as a nuclear family , a dyad , or a triad .
851 .
William Lloyd Garrison of Massachusetts distinguished himself as the leader of the abolitionist movement .
Like ASD , ADHD is more prevalent in males than females .
To calculate ∆G , subtract the amount of energy lost to entropy ( denoted as ∆S ) from the total energy change of the system .
If individuals nonrandomly mate with their peers , the result can be a changing population .
First during World War I , then again in World War II , these women stepped up to run farms and other agricultural enterprises , as men left for the armed forces ( [ link ] ) .
Unlike the other provisions of the Bill of Rights , this amendment focuses on power rather than rights .
The benthic realm ( or zone ) extends along the ocean bottom from the shoreline to the deepest parts of the ocean floor .
As you would expect , Keynesians and supply - siders disagree about which forms of tax policy are best .
Note that kinship , or one ’s traceable ancestry , can be based on blood or marriage or adoption .
6045 .
1600 .
2234 .
This discomfort is relieved by deliberately moving the legs , which , not surprisingly , contributes to difficulty in falling or staying asleep .
This module covers just a few of the many applications of electrostatics .
Non - human primates live primarily in the tropical or subtropical regions of South America , Africa , and Asia .
6207 .
4010 .
One set of explanations focuses on the changing shape of American households ; the other focuses on greater inequality of wages , what some economists call “ winner take all ” labor markets .
The 5 ' cap , which is placed on the 5 ' end of the mRNA , is usually composed of a methylated guanosine triphosphate molecule ( GTP ) .
In 1890 , the famous economist Alfred Marshall wrote that asking whether supply or demand determined a price was like arguing “ whether it is the upper or the under blade of a pair of scissors that cuts a piece of paper . ”
5321 .
The phosphate residue is attached to the hydroxyl group of the 5′ carbon of one sugar and the hydroxyl group of the 3′ carbon of the sugar of the next nucleotide , which forms a 5′–3′ phosphodiester linkage .
1378 .
While the depth or quality of reporting may be less than ideal , these shows can sound an alarm as needed to raise citizen awareness ( [ link ] ) .
2698 .
Within each domain is a second category called a kingdom .
1389 .
The culture in which you live is one of the most important environmental factors that shapes your personality ( Triandis & Suh , 2002 ) .
4402 .
Under criminal law , governments establish rules and punishments ; laws define conduct that is prohibited because it can harm others and impose punishment for committing such an act .
3462 .
An individual with the appropriate number of chromosomes for their species is called euploid ; in humans , euploidy corresponds to 22 pairs of autosomes and one pair of sex chromosomes .
Their review is aimed at determining which coping strategies are most effective at offsetting negative health outcomes associated with racism - related stress .
We also need to precisely define , or operationalize , what is considered violent and nonviolent .
372 .
5082 .
Phenotype , on the other hand , refers to the individual ’s inherited physical characteristics , which are a combination of genetic and environmental influences ( [ link ] ) .
First , the ratification of the Sixteenth Amendment in 1913 authorized Congress to impose income taxes without apportioning it among the states on the basis of population , a burdensome provision that Article I , Section 9 , had imposed on the national government . Pollock v. Farmers ’ Loan & Trust Co. , 158 U.S. 601 ( 1895 ) .
Interest groups and political parties are two of the most easily identified forms of factions in the United States .
Animals in this phylum display two distinct morphological body plans : polyp or “ stalk ” and medusa or “ bell ” ( [ link ] ) .
Data may be collected from fossils , from studying the structure of body parts or molecules used by an organism , and by DNA analysis .
The enzyme phospholipase C cleaves PIP2 to form diacylglycerol ( DAG ) and inositol triphosphate ( IP3 ) ( [ link ] ) .
General George B. McClellan , the general in chief of the army , responsible for overall control of Union land forces , proved especially reluctant to engage in battle with the Confederates .
Visible light is produced by vibrations and rotations of atoms and molecules , as well as by electronic transitions within atoms and molecules .
The cosmological constant was invented by Einstein to prohibit the expansion or contraction of the universe .
Mammary glands produce milk that is used to feed newborns .
In psychoanalysis , therapists help their patients look into their past to uncover repressed feelings .
6909 .
When there is no trade in the United States , the equilibrium price of sugar is 24 cents per pound and the equilibrium quantity is 80 tons . 5224 .
An elastic collision is one that also conserves internal kinetic energy .
The thylakoid membrane encloses an internal space called the thylakoid lumen .
4034 .
A DNA sequence called the operator sequence is encoded between the promoter region and the first trp coding gene .
Certain nuclides decay by the emission of a positive electron .
6542 .
In addition to these Great Society programs , the Civil Rights Act ( 1964 ) and the Voting Rights Act ( 1965 ) gave the federal government effective tools to promote civil rights equality across the country .
In mammals , the blastula forms the blastocyst in the next stage of development .
A moderate amount of stress can be beneficial in challenging situations .
During a recession , when unemployment is high and many businesses are suffering low profits or even losses , the U.S. Congress often passes tax cuts .
This is known as the octet rule , which states , with the exception of the innermost shell , that atoms are more stable energetically when they have eight electrons in their valence shell , the outermost electron shell .
4175 .
Semen is a mixture of sperm and spermatic duct secretions ( about 10 percent of the total ) and fluids from accessory glands that contribute most of the semen ’s volume .
Ironically , protection for women had been included at the suggestion of a Virginia congressman in an attempt to prevent the act ’s passage ; his reasoning seemed to be that , while a white man might accept that African Americans needed and deserved protection from discrimination , the idea that women deserved equality with men would be far too radical for any of his male colleagues to contemplate .
In 1998 , according to Gallup polling , the rise in approval accompanied a similar rise in other mood measures , including President Bill Clinton ’s approval ratings and general satisfaction with the state of the country and the economy .
3580 .
1362 .
3554 .
These velocities are called relative velocities .
2897 .
2414 .
Most traits are polygenic : controlled by more than one gene .
Some lophotrochozoan phyla are characterized by a larval stage called trochophore larvae , and other phyla are characterized by the presence of a feeding structure called a lophophore .
The substances used in the beginning of a chemical reaction are called the reactants ( usually found on the left side of a chemical equation ) , and the substances found at the end of the reaction are known as the products ( usually found on the right side of a chemical equation ) .
3703 .
In a nation ’s financial capital market , the quantity of financial capital supplied at any given time must equal the quantity of financial capital demanded for purposes of making investments .
This shift , they believed , would ultimately lead to a system of government that was better able to address the needs of its citizens .
3533 .
This model is called the aggregate demand / aggregate supply model .
In the long run , the most important factor shifting the AS curve is productivity growth .
Another variable that is linked to schizophrenia is marijuana use .
2527 .
There are two types of sleep apnea : obstructive sleep apnea and central sleep apnea .
3629 .
Relativistic kinetic energy is
( See [ link ] . )
While certainly looking out for its own strategic interests in considering foreign policy strategy , the United States nonetheless attempts to support international peace through many aspects of its foreign policy , such as foreign aid , and through its support of and participation in international organizations such as the United Nations , the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) , and the Organization of American States .
First , he memorized lists of nonsense syllables .
5896 .
Consider Claire ’s experience with observational learning .
4854 .
Hormonal stimuli refers to the release of a hormone in response to another hormone .
5005 .
3634 .
2748 .
The law of conservation of energy can be stated as follows : Total energy is constant in any process .
When society increases the level of capital per person , the result is called capital deepening .
6697 .
During the budding process , the cell does not undergo lysis and is not immediately killed .
Contour feathers are the feathers found on the body , and they help reduce drag produced by wind resistance during flight .
6306 .
66 .
It began over rival claims along the frontier in present - day western Pennsylvania .
But a monopolist often has fairly reliable information about how changing output by small or moderate amounts will affect its marginal revenues and marginal costs , because it has had experience with such changes over time and because modest changes are easier to extrapolate from current experience .
For example , in China , the government is run by members of the Chinese Communist Party .
In the United States , the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) is responsible for deposit insurance .
This is in marked contrast to theories of sex , gender , and sexuality that link male and female behavior to biological determinism , or the belief that men and women behave differently due to differences in their biology .
This chapter begins with two building blocks of neoclassical economics : ( 1 ) the size of the economy is determined by potential GDP , and ( 2 ) wages and prices will adjust in a flexible manner so that the economy will adjust back to its potential GDP level of output .
Malpighian tubules are convoluted , which increases their surface area , and they are lined with microvilli for reabsorption and maintenance of osmotic balance .
Fascism promotes total control of the country by the ruling party or political leader .
Diplomonads exist in anaerobic environments and use alternative pathways , such as glycolysis , to generate energy .
1131 .
December 7 , 2014 . http://www.pewresearch.org/data-trend/domestic-issues/gun-control ( February 18 , 2016 ) .
6073 .
It non - invasively produces two - dimensional and three - dimensional images of the body that provide important medical information with none of the hazards of x - rays .
6354 .
People with persistent depressive disorder are chronically sad and melancholy , but do not meet all the criteria for major depression .
These hormones go one step further and trigger the renin - angiotensin - aldosterone system .
The number and placement of a plant ’s leaves will vary depending on the species , with each species exhibiting a characteristic leaf arrangement .
Before Congress took action on the proposal , the Supreme Court began leaning in support of the New Deal as Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes and Justice Owen Roberts changed their view on federalism .
Economic growth in the last two centuries has made a striking change in the human condition .
Keyssar , 184 .
1599 .
William Paterson introduced a New Jersey Plan to counter Madison ’s scheme , proposing that all states have equal votes in a unicameral national legislature .
This means there has been a process of selective incorporation of the Bill of Rights into the practices of the states ; in other words , the Constitution effectively inserts parts of the Bill of Rights into state laws and constitutions , even though it does n’t do so explicitly .
280 .
2556 .
5910 .
1286 .
2203 .
Geometric isomers , on the other hand , have similar placements of their covalent bonds but differ in how these bonds are made to the surrounding atoms , especially in carbon - to - carbon double bonds .
Constructivism is an extension of symbolic interaction theory which proposes that reality is what humans cognitively construct it to be .
In contrast , permanent tissue consists of plant cells that are no longer actively dividing .
3562 .
Finally , a member of the minority party must occasionally work with the opposition on some issues in order to accomplish any of his or her constituency ’s goals .
Humanistic psychology focuses on helping people achieve their potential .
Fueled by the First Amendment ’s protection of the press , journalists have long offered to keep sources confidential to protect them from government prosecution .
The demand curve for labor shows the quantity of labor employers wish to hire at any given salary or wage rate , under the ceteris paribus assumption .
The income elasticity of demand is the percentage change in quantity demanded divided by the percentage change in income .
Gas Exchange across the AlveoliIn the body , oxygen is used by cells of the body ’s tissues and carbon dioxide is produced as a waste product .
This technique is called inertial confinement , because the fuel ’s inertia prevents it from escaping before significant fusion can take place .
4874 .
On September 20 , in an address to a joint session of Congress , Bush declared war on terrorism , blamed al - Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden for the attacks , and demanded that the radical Islamic fundamentalists who ruled Afghanistan , the Taliban , turn bin Laden over or face attack by the United States .
The thymus produces hormones referred to as thymosins , which contribute to the development of the immune response .
Some people love their jobs , some people tolerate their jobs , and some people can not stand their jobs .
In 1973 , the Supreme Court established the Miller test for deciding whether something is obscene : “ ( a ) whether the average person , applying contemporary community standards , would find that the work , taken as a whole , appeals to the prurient interest , ( b ) whether the work depicts or describes , in a patently offensive way , sexual conduct specifically defined by the applicable state law ; and ( c ) whether the work , taken as a whole , lacks serious literary , artistic , political , or scientific value .
1797 .
880 .
A mast cell is a leukocyte that produces inflammatory molecules , such as histamine , in response to large pathogens .
From the Great Depression of the 1930s until 1996 , the United States ’ most visible antipoverty program was Aid to Families with Dependent Children ( AFDC ) , which provided cash payments to mothers with children who were below the poverty line .
3317 .
A measure of this limit on charge flow is called resistance .
In a very real sense , it is like money thrown away that benefits no one .
As this example indicates , there is more than one type of authority in a community . Authority refers to accepted power — that is , power that people agree to follow .
The DNA is then precipitated using alcohol .
When two species evolve in diverse directions from a common point , it is called divergent evolution .
4869 .
As a result , the global depression worsened further .
The first and perhaps best argument is that polarization is a party - in - government phenomenon driven by a decades - long sorting of the voting public , or a change in party allegiance in response to shifts in party position .
Two groups of proteins , called cyclins and cyclin - dependent kinases ( Cdks ) , are responsible for the progress of the cell through the various checkpoints .
1326 .
If you recall , price takers are firms that have no market power .
The median voter theory argues that politicians will try to match policies to what pleases the median voter preferences .
In research , independent variables are the cause of the change .
They are labeled ( as an interactionist might point out ) and ascribed a master status ( as a functionalist might note ) , becoming “ the blind girl ” or “ the boy in the wheelchair ” instead of someone afforded a full identity by society .
Rather than staying in one job for a lifetime , people begin to move from job to job as conditions improve and opportunities arise .
4543 .
1771 .
4064 .
And if a researcher walked into a coffee shop and told the employees they would be observed as part of a study on work efficiency , the self - conscious , intimidated baristas might not behave naturally .
PTH is released in response to low blood Ca2 + levels .
Everywhere , Jackson supporters vowed revenge against the anti - majoritarian result of 1824 .
The first is to rely on heuristics , shortcuts or rules of thumb ( cues ) for decision making .
An organism ’s underlying genetic makeup , consisting of both physically visible and non - expressed alleles , is called its genotype .
205 .
Long supporting former President Grant , Conkling had no sympathy for some of Hayes ’ early appeals for civil service reform .
2051 .
Therefore , changes in histone acetylation ( epigenetic modification that leads to gene silencing ) , activation of transcription factors by phosphorylation , increased RNA stability , increased translational control , and protein modification can all be detected at some point in various cancer cells .
The ankle transmits the weight of the body from the tibia and the fibula to the foot .
One important symbolic interactionist concept related to work and the economy is career inheritance .
Many people believe , for example , that crime rates go up when there ’s a full moon , but research does n’t support this opinion .
Such mutations may be of two types : induced or spontaneous .
For example , in the early 1990s , several Los Angeles police officers accused of brutally beating motorist Rodney King during his arrest were acquitted of various charges in a state court , but some were later convicted in a federal court of violating King ’s civil rights .
In addition to 22 homologous pairs of autosomes , human females have a homologous pair of X chromosomes , whereas human males have an XY chromosome pair .
Glial cells support neurons and maintain their environment .
These viruses interfere with the normal regulation of the host cell cycle either by either introducing genes that stimulate unregulated cell growth ( oncogenes ) or by interfering with the expression of genes that inhibit cell growth .
Humans rely on freshwater biomes to provide aquatic resources for drinking water , crop irrigation , sanitation , and industry .
José has a total of $ 56 to spend .
Those working in the symbolic interaction perspective take a microanalytical view of society .
Most people accused of crimes decline their right to a jury trial .
This back and forth continues until a certain relative balance between reactants and products occurs — a state called equilibrium .
Role performance is how a person expresses his or her role .
5586 .
There is constructive interference along the lines shown ( a cone in three dimensions ) from similar sound waves arriving there simultaneously .
Under the AFDC , the federal government had reimbursed states a portion of the costs they bore for running the program without placing a ceiling on the amount .
" >
1366 .
This involves a controlled setting where individuals are reinforced for desirable behaviors with tokens , such as a poker chip , that can be exchanged for items or privileges .
Markets will adjust toward their equilibrium prices and quantities more erratically and slowly , and many individual markets will experience a greater chance of surpluses and shortages .
Values portray an ideal culture , the standards society would like to embrace and live up to .
6545 .
First , weathering and other natural forces break down the substrate enough for the establishment of certain hearty plants and lichens with few soil requirements , known as pioneer species ( [ link ] ) .
In 2016 , Republican Donald Trump won one congressional district in Maine , even though Hillary Clinton won the state overall .
Sean Wilentz .
3486 .
Therefore , they ( and their staff members ) rely on interest groups and lobbyists to provide them with information about the technical details of policy proposals , as well as about fellow lawmakers ’ stands and constituents ’ perceptions .
Ibid .
Transcription always proceeds from the same DNA strand for each gene , which is called the template strand .
6362 .
The monarchy was dissolved , and England became a republic : a state without a king .
Distance has no direction and , thus , no sign .
In 1856 , he began a decade - long research pursuit involving inheritance patterns in honeybees and plants , ultimately settling on pea plants as his primary model system ( a system with convenient characteristics used to study a specific biological phenomenon to be applied to other systems ) .
In the first half of the 1800s , land grants were the primary means by which the federal government supported the states .
Release of neurotransmitter at inhibitory synapses causes inhibitory postsynaptic potentials ( IPSPs ) , a hyperpolarization of the presynaptic membrane .
E. E. Schattschneider .
6937 .
Over the course of the twentieth century , presidents expanded and elaborated upon these powers .
The white blood cells remove infectious agents , such as bacteria and viruses , to clean the lymph before it returns to the bloodstream .
Gaseous nitrogen is transformed , or “ fixed ” into more readily available forms such as ammonia through the process of nitrogen fixation .
5281 .
What type of social influence was operating in the Asch conformity studies ?
Although phage therapy is in use in the Republic of Georgia to treat antibiotic - resistant bacteria , its use to treat human diseases has not been approved in most countries .
One important fossil of an animal intermediate to dinosaurs and birds is Archaeopteryx , which is from the Jurassic period ( [ link ] ) .
Presidents may choose to issue executive orders or proclamations to achieve policy goals .
The fourth , and last , stage in Piaget ’s theory is the formal operational stage , which is from about age 11 to adulthood .
This is called a reciprocal cross — a paired cross in which the respective traits of the male and female in one cross become the respective traits of the female and male in the other cross .
515 ( 1832 ) .
1115 .
Tom Huddleston , Jr. , “ Jon Stewart Just Punched a $ 250 Million Hole in Viacom ’s Value , ” Fortune , 11 February 2015 .
The anterior portion of the pituitary gland is regulated by releasing or release - inhibiting hormones produced by the hypothalamus , and the posterior pituitary receives signals via neurosecretory cells to release hormones produced by the hypothalamus .
Adverse selection refers to the problem in which the buyers of insurance have more information about whether they are high - risk or low - risk than the insurance company does .
2016 .
In order to maintain the belief that the world is a fair place , people tend to think that good people experience positive outcomes , and bad people experience negative outcomes ( Jost , Banaji , & Nosek , 2004 ; Jost & Major , 2001 ) .
6105 .
539 . coli need amino acids to survive .
When the reproductive hormone is required , the hypothalamus sends a gonadotropin - releasing hormone ( GnRH ) to the anterior pituitary .
An even stronger disparity was found in 2007 : the infant mortality , which is the number of deaths in a given time or place , rate for blacks was nearly twice that of whites at 13.2 compared to 5.6 per 1,000 live births ( U.S. Census Bureau 2011 ) .
3663 .
2369 .
“ William Jefferson Clinton : Oklahoma Bombing Memorial Prayer Service Address , ” 23 April 1995 , http://www.americanrhetoric.com/speeches/wjcoklahomabombingspeech.htm .
6007 .
919 .
Income is a flow of money received , often measured on a monthly or an annual basis ; wealth is the sum of the value of all assets , including money in bank accounts , financial investments , a pension fund , and the value of a home .
By the end of 1845 , having broken diplomatic ties with the United States over Texas and having grown alarmed by American actions in California , the Mexican government warily anticipated the next move .
Snowden himself , rather than those involved in promoting the information that he shared , is the object of criminal prosecution . 6109 .
For example , an accountant may charge $ 100 to file your tax return .
The male gametophyte develops and reaches maturity in an immature anther .
What these Anti - Federalists sought was further assurance that the national government ’s capacity to act directly on behalf of the people would be restricted , which the first ten amendments ( Bill of Rights ) provided .
These roles are based on norms , or standards , created by society .
134 .
1418 .
The Enola Gay , a B-29 bomber named after its pilot ’s mother , dropped an atomic bomb known as “ Little Boy ” on Hiroshima at 8:15 a.m. Monday morning , August 6 , 1945 .
2771 .
6350 .
“ Consumer Help Center : Obscene , Indecent , and Profane Broadcasts , ” FCC , https://consumercomplaints.fcc.gov/hc/en-us/articles/202731600-Obscene-Indecent-and-Profane-Broadcasts ( September 10 , 2015 ) .
For example , let ’s say American society decided that atheists , people who do not believe that God exists , were evil and should be imprisoned or expelled from the country .
For example , the United States produces and exports autos and imports autos .
The term order of magnitude refers to the scale of a value expressed in the metric system .
There are several different types of angular movements , including flexion , extension , hyperextension , abduction , adduction , and circumduction .
And even years later , when the 1832 Supreme Court ruled the State of Georgia ’s seizing of Native American lands unconstitutional , Worcester v. Georgia , 31 U.S. ( 6 Pet . )
Productivity means how much output can be produced with a given quantity of labor .
We thus use the name electromotive force , abbreviated emf .
The renal arteries split into several segmental arteries upon entering the kidneys .
6047 .
2271 .
The two amygdala are important both for the sensation of fear and for recognizing fearful faces .
Receptor binding alters cellular activity and results in an increase or decrease in normal body processes .
4328 .
Interest groups can amplify the voices of such individuals through proper organization and allow them to participate in ways that would be less effective or even impossible alone or in small numbers .
You may be asked to serve on federal jury duty , such as U.S. district court duty or federal grand jury duty , but service at the local level , in the state court system , is much more common .
“ The 2016 Presidential Media Primary Is Off to a Fast Start .
Sexual Attitudes and PracticesIn the area of sexuality , sociologists focus their attention on sexual attitudes and practices , not on physiology or anatomy .
With roots in medieval England , the system was inherited by the American colonies along with many other British traditions .
3941 .
In 2003 , George W. Bush ’s administration decided to allow more journalists in the field , hoping the concession would reduce friction between the military and the press .
( They are so named because loans are made against the bank ’s outstanding loans “ at a discount ” of their face value . )
The dominant lethal inheritance pattern is one in which an allele is lethal both in the homozygote and the heterozygote ; this allele can only be transmitted if the lethality phenotype occurs after reproductive age .
Marx ’s colleague and friend , Frederick Engels , wrote The Condition of the Working - Class in England in 1844 , which described in detail the horrid conditions . Such is the Old Town of Manchester , and on re - reading my description , I am forced to admit that instead of being exaggerated , it is far from black enough to convey a true impression of the filth , ruin , and uninhabitableness , the defiance of all considerations of cleanliness , ventilation , and health which characterise the construction of this single district , containing at least twenty to thirty thousand inhabitants .
Within domains , the poles of individual atoms are aligned .
1153 .
4271 .
3955 .
1575 .
Only in 1951 , after Franklin Roosevelt had been elected four times , was the Twenty - Second Amendment passed to restrict the presidency to two terms .
5314 .
676 .
Thus oxygen has a higher electronegativity than hydrogen and the shared electrons spend more time in the vicinity of the oxygen nucleus than they do near the nucleus of the hydrogen atoms , giving the atoms of oxygen and hydrogen slightly negative and positive charges , respectively .
Recessive traits become latent , or disappear , in the offspring of a hybridization .
Indeed , until the twentieth century , many presidents had little to do with the naming of their running mate at the nominating convention .
2162 .
Because the events that occur during each of the division stages are analogous to the events of mitosis , the same stage names are assigned .
2185 .
A transverse plane ( or , horizontal plane ) divides the animal into upper and lower portions .
A bank ’s balance sheet operates in much the same way .
1753 .
1149 .
617 .
Pain is caused by true sources of injury , such as contact with a heat source that causes a thermal burn or contact with a corrosive chemical .
There are two types of V / Q mismatch .
Positive sanctions are rewards given for conforming to norms .
If Cruz had been campaigning all along , why make a grand announcement at Liberty University in 2015 ?
They are usually found in pairs and the number of tubules varies with the species of insect .
The term culture refers to all of the beliefs , customs , art , and traditions of a particular society .
The conclusion many reached was that the Articles of Confederation were simply not strong enough to keep the young republic together .
As seen in [ link ] , the first harmonic can easily be calculated since λ 2 = L λ 2 = L size 12 { λ rSub { size 8 { 2 } } = L } { } .
4864 .
He researched how cultural capital , or cultural knowledge that serves ( metaphorically ) as currency that helps us navigate a culture , alters the experiences and opportunities available to French students from different social classes .
and only one electron , that atom is called a hydrogen - like atom .
3406 .
These efforts may have helped in 2004 and 2008 , when the number of youth voting in the presidential elections increased ( [ link ] ) .
For example , a child at this stage is likely to be aware of the different responsibilities of people in a restaurant who together make for a smooth dining experience ( someone seats you , another takes your order , someone else cooks the food , while yet another clears away dirty dishes ) .
1254 .
5983 .
6336 .
The underlying goal of social control is to maintain social order , an arrangement of practices and behaviors on which society ’s members base their daily lives .
The allele for red flowers is incompletely dominant over the allele for white flowers .
6705 .
At a broader level , some economists worry about a leverage cycle , where “ leverage ” is a term used by financial economists to mean “ borrowing . ” When economic times are good , banks and the financial sector are eager to lend , and people and firms are eager to borrow .
3839 .
Each stoma is flanked by guard cells that regulate the opening and closing of the stomata by swelling or shrinking in response to osmotic changes .
2187 .
Fiscal policy is one of two policy tools for fine tuning the economy ( the other is monetary policy ) .
1852 .
An inversion can be pericentric and include the centromere , or paracentric and occur outside of the centromere ( [ link ] ) .
5284 .
2582 .
604 .
Reproductive isolation is the inability to interbreed .
4893 .
Physical capital per person refers to the amount and kind of machinery and equipment available to help people get work done .
This method was known as cost - plus regulation .
1786 .
This is similar to the kind of paralysis experienced by healthy individuals during REM sleep ( Burgess & Scammell , 2012 ; Hishikawa & Shimizu , 1995 ; Luppi et al . , 2011 ) .
This is why the United States International Trade Commission , in its study of barriers to trade , predicts that reducing trade barriers would not lead to an overall loss of jobs .
In early 1774 , leaders in Parliament responded with a set of four measures designed to punish Massachusetts , commonly known at the Coercive Acts .
If too much is required of a single role , individuals can experience role strain .
2443 .
6084 .
Apical meristems contain meristematic tissue located at the tips of stems and roots , which enable a plant to extend in length .
2907 .
6766 .
An alternate assumption is that people and firms act with adaptive expectations : they look at past experience and gradually adapt their beliefs and behavior as circumstances change , but are not perfect synthesizers of information and accurate predictors of the future in the sense of rational expectations theory .
The Supreme Court begins its annual session on the first Monday in October and ends late the following June .
736 .
A second approach to creating public policy is a bit more objective .
This Electoral College voting method is referred to as the district system .
But a more difficult problem with international comparisons is that in many low - income countries , most workers are not involved in the labor market through an employer who pays them regularly .
We can broadly divide the provisions of the Bill of Rights into three categories .
Snowden himself , rather than those involved in promoting the information that he shared , is the object of criminal prosecution . 6109 .
Keynes , shown in [ link ] , famously wrote in the introduction to a fellow economist ’s book : “ [ Economics ] is a method rather than a doctrine , an apparatus of the mind , a technique of thinking , which helps its possessor to draw correct conclusions . ” In other words , economics teaches you how to think , not what to think .
The sliding clamp is a ring - shaped protein that binds to the DNA and holds the polymerase in place .
1826 .
1963 .
4049 .
Most interestingly , the eukaryote - first hypothesis proposes that prokaryotes actually evolved from eukaryotes by losing genes and complexity ( [ link ] c ) .
For instance , political scientist Robert Salisbury suggests that group leaders will offer incentives to induce activity among individuals .
5731 .
We have already identified protons as the particles that carry positive charge in the nuclei .
Neutron flux should be carefully regulated to avoid an exponential increase in fissions , a condition called supercriticality .
In a second type , the Glomeromycete fungi form vesicular – arbuscular interactions with arbuscular mycorrhiza ( sometimes called endomycorrhizae ) .
829 .
2855 .
Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush made 139 and 171 recess appointments , respectively .
Illinois Democratic senator Stephen Douglas believed he had found a solution — the Kansas - Nebraska bill — that would promote party unity and also satisfy his colleagues from the South , who detested the Missouri Compromise line .
3107 .
In a simple leaf , the blade is either completely undivided — as in the banana leaf — or it has lobes , but the separation does not reach the midrib , as in the maple leaf .
White women had been citizens of the United States since its very beginning even though they were not granted the full rights of citizenship .
In mammals , the egg is protected by a layer of extracellular matrix consisting mainly of glycoproteins called the zona pellucida .
Unlike the “ yellow journalists ” who were interested only in sensationalized articles designed to sell newspapers , muckrakers exposed problems in American society and urged the public to identify solutions .
In the case of George W. Bush and his very experienced vice president Dick Cheney , observers speculated whether the vice president might have exercised too much influence .
Cultural transmission refers to the way people come to learn the values , beliefs , and social norms of their culture .
6042 .
Evolutionary psychology is a discipline that studies how universal patterns of behavior and cognitive processes have evolved over time as a result of natural selection .
Instrument for magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) .
This form of government will run the economy , the military , society , and culture , and often tries to control the private lives of its citizens .
Social Security was conceived as a solution to several problems inherent to the Industrial Era economy .
Stamens are composed of a thin stalk called a filament and a sac - like structure called the anther .
As an art school dropout with an uncertain future , young Erik Erikson met Freud ’s daughter , Anna Freud , while he was tutoring the children of an American couple undergoing psychoanalysis in Vienna .
4270 .
Two loosely affiliated party coalitions , known as the Federalists and the Democratic - Republicans , soon emerged .
Three basic types of ecosystem modeling are routinely used in research and ecosystem management : a conceptual model , an analytical model , and a simulation model .
An application that makes this concept understandable is the practice of religion .
Since volume is constant , Δ V = 0 Δ V = 0 size 12 { Δ V = 0 } { } , and no work is done in an isochoric process .
Mammals , including humans , produce urea , whereas reptiles and many terrestrial invertebrates produce uric acid .
Then , additional solutes and wastes are secreted into the kidney tubules during tubular secretion , which is , in essence , the opposite process to tubular reabsorption .
These episodes can last 10–20 seconds or longer and often are associated with brief periods of arousal .
A policy which allows the foreign exchange market to set exchange rates is referred to as a floating exchange rate .
It is used to reduce pest infestation and to delay spoilage and prevent illness caused by microorganisms .
( Aggregate demand ( AD ) is actually what economists call total planned expenditure .
It is involved in the relay of sensory and motor information to and from the CNS ; therefore , it consists of motor neurons and sensory neurons .
6541 .
For example , if aggregate demand was originally at ADr in [ link ] , so that the economy was in recession , the appropriate policy would be for government to shift aggregate demand to the right from ADr to ADf , where the economy would be at potential GDP and full employment .
3907 .
1168 .
Apart from the UV microscope , the variations of microscopy discussed so far in this section are available as attachments to fairly standard microscopes or as slight variations .
6096 .
These subtypes — what the DSM-5 refer to as specifiers — are not specific disorders ; rather , they are labels used to indicate specific patterns of symptoms or to specify certain periods of time in which the symptoms may be present .
Each amino acid is attached to another amino acid by a covalent bond , known as a peptide bond , which is formed by a dehydration reaction .
They are involved in the production of cerebrospinal fluid , which serves as a cushion for the brain , moves the fluid between the spinal cord and the brain , and is a component for the choroid plexus .
The court ’s obstructionist position infuriated Roosevelt , leading him in 1937 to propose a court - packing plan that would add one new justice for each one over the age of seventy , thus allowing the president to make a maximum of six new appointments .
Pheromonal signals can have profound effects on animals that inhale them , but pheromones apparently are not consciously perceived in the same way as other odors .
On the other hand , civil law cases involve two or more private ( non - government ) parties , at least one of whom alleges harm or injury committed by the other .
Marginal utility per dollar is the amount of additional utility José receives given the price of the product .
Proteins make up the second major component of plasma membranes .
Sociologists study all aspects and levels of society .
Other diplomatic overtures met with less success for Hoover .
Group 17 elements , including fluorine and chlorine , have seven electrons in their outmost shells , so they tend to fill this shell with an electron from other atoms or molecules , making them negatively charged ions .
One primary determinant of the demand for labor from firms is how they perceive the state of the macro economy .
2 : 109 – 130 .
The extinction of a bird or mammal is likely to be noticed by humans , especially if it has been hunted or used in some other way .
For José ’s T - shirts and movies , the marginal utility per dollar is shown in [ link ] .
Medicalization refers to the process by which previously normal aspects of life are redefined as deviant and needing medical attention to remedy .
This is fused to the animal ’s epidermis .
Recall from the chapter Choice in a World of Scarcity that a country has a comparative advantage when a good can be produced at a lower cost in terms of other goods .
Butler reasoned that since Southern states had left the United States , he was not obliged to follow federal fugitive slave laws .
Flexion , or bending , occurs when the angle between the bones decreases .
Synchondroses are found in the epiphyseal plates of growing bones in children .
3944 .
Now , in the early decades of the twenty - first century , it is common to think of the September 11 terrorist attacks in 2001 as the big game - changer .
6254 .
Induced mutations are those that result from an exposure to chemicals , UV rays , x - rays , or some other environmental agent .
As the name suggests , authoritarian leaders issue orders and assigns tasks .
In 1965 , the court spelled out the right to privacy for the first time in Griswold v. Connecticut , a case that struck down a state law forbidding even married individuals to use any form of contraception . Griswold v. Connecticut , 381 U.S. 479 ( 1965 ) Although many subsequent cases before the Supreme Court also dealt with privacy in the course of intimate , sexual conduct , the issue of privacy matters as well in the context of surveillance and monitoring by government and private parties of our activities , movements , and communications .
Many of the features of the harmful dysfunction model are incorporated in a formal definition of psychological disorder developed by the American Psychiatric Association ( APA ) .
4636 .
Perhaps one of the most influential and well - known figures in psychology ’s history was Sigmund Freud ( [ link ] ) .
3048 .
An acid is a substance that increases the concentration of hydrogen ions ( H+ ) in a solution , usually by having one of its hydrogen atoms dissociate .
Self - pollination occurs when the pollen from the anther is deposited on the stigma of the same flower , or another flower on the same plant .
The ovarian cycle governs the preparation of endocrine tissues and release of eggs , while the menstrual cycle governs the preparation and maintenance of the uterine lining .
Some Republicans , known as Irreconcilables , opposed the treaty on all grounds , whereas others , called Reservationists , would support the treaty if sufficient amendments were introduced that could eliminate Article X .
The thalamus is a sensory relay for the brain .
They made their case by pointing out that the North had an expanding manufacturing base while the South did not .
The VBNC state occurs when prokaryotes respond to environmental stressors by entering a dormant state that allows their survival .
4130 .
During presidential primary season , we see examples of the bandwagon effect , in which the media pays more attention to candidates who poll well during the fall and the first few primaries .
Whether in a simple unicellular organism or a complex multi - cellular organism , each cell controls when and how its genes are expressed .
1402 .
Some cell organelles are duplicated , and the cytoskeleton is dismantled to provide resources for the mitotic phase .
1313 .
Hans Enoksen , former prime minister of Greenland , receives a helping hand at the polls from five - year - old Pipaluk Petersen ( a ) .
A market with few buyers and few sellers is sometimes referred to as a thin market .
3003 .
Such geographical variation is seen between most populations and can be significant .
Those who buy the stock become the owners , or shareholders , of the firm .
Born in part from an older third - party movement known as the Libertarian Party , the Tea Party is more hostile to government and views government intervention in all forms , and especially taxation and the regulation of business , as a threat to capitalism and democracy .
2131 .
737 .
Tolman ’s experiments with rats demonstrated that organisms can learn even if they do not receive immediate reinforcement ( Tolman & Honzik , 1930 ; Tolman , Ritchie , & Kalish , 1946 ) .
He was soon discovered , turned over to the military , and sent to the internment camp in Utah that held his family .
To increase the non - Indian population in Texas and provide a buffer zone between its hostile tribes and the rest of Mexico , Spain began to recruit empresarios .
The abyssal zone ( [ link ] ) is very cold and has very high pressure , high oxygen content , and low nutrient content .
Additionally , we possess general senses , also called somatosensation , which respond to stimuli like temperature , pain , pressure , and vibration .
Examples include antinuclear groups , Mothers Against Drunk Driving ( MADD ) , the Dreamers movement for immigration reform , and the Human Rights Campaign ’s advocacy for Marriage Equality .
Density , as you will see , is an important characteristic of substances .
Depending on their different income levels and political preferences , countries are likely to make different choices about allocative efficiency — that is , the choice between economic output and environmental protection along the production possibility frontier .
In 2010 , the Supreme Court ’s ruling on Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission led to the removal of spending limits on corporations .
A bank ’s net worth is also referred to as bank capital .
After all , they argued , if the United States were going to denounce Germany and Japan for abusing human rights , the country should itself be as exemplary as possible .
There are three forms of this test for use with different age groups : the school form , the college form , and the adult form . 3312 .
Circumduction is the movement of a limb in a circular motion , as in moving the arm in a circular motion .
The second factor that determines labor productivity is technological change .
On the advice of her attorney , Lerner invoked her Fifth Amendment right not to incriminate herself and refused to answer questions .
The laws that give government the power to block certain mergers , and even in some cases to break up large firms into smaller ones , are called antitrust laws .
4802 .
2365 .
The United States sells many goods and services around the world , but overall it maintains a trade deficit , in which more goods and services are coming in from other countries than are going out to be sold overseas .
4425 .
Many disciplines within the study of biology contribute to understanding how past and present life evolved over time ; these disciplines together contribute to building , updating , and maintaining the “ tree of life . ” Information is used to organize and classify organisms based on evolutionary relationships in a scientific field called systematics .
3227 .
An antigen is a foreign or “ non - self ” macromolecule that reacts with cells of the immune system .
527 .
759 .
3882 .
But ideal culture differs from real culture , the way society actually is , based on what occurs and exists .
In modern U.S. society , crimes are classified as one of two types based on their severity .
3017 .
Downsizing is an increasingly common response to a business ’s pronounced failure to achieve profit goals , and it involves laying off a significant percentage of the company ’s employees .
Courtship displays are a series of ritualized visual behaviors ( signals ) designed to attract and convince a member of the opposite sex to mate .
449 .
Thus , U.S. citizens vote for members of Congress , the president and vice president , members of state legislatures , governors , mayors , and members of town councils and school boards to act on their behalf .
6856 .
Many sports drinks and dietary supplements provide these ions to replace those lost from the body via sweating during exercise .
In fact , we often do n’t perceive stimuli that remain relatively constant over prolonged periods of time .
3016 .
A liability is a debt or something you owe .
3174 .
This approach to ratification was an unusual one .
The figure shows the right - hand rule used to find the direction of both angular momentum and angular velocity .
The resultant vector is then drawn from the tail of the first vector to the head of the final vector .
Forest fires also lead to the emergence of new seedlings .
Karyokinesis is also called mitosis .
There are at least three ways societies have found to organize an economy .
A postzygotic barrier occurs after zygote formation ; this includes organisms that do n’t survive the embryonic stage and those that are born sterile .
243 .
The Constitution as written in 1787 did not include a Bill of Rights , although the idea of including one was proposed and , after brief discussion , dismissed in the final week of the Constitutional Convention .
4360 .
Damage to the basal ganglia , as in Parkinson ’s disease , leads to motor impairments like a shuffling gait when walking .
Other institutions , such as the National Academy of Scientists and the National Academy of Engineers , receive federal grants for innovative projects .
Molecules that share the same chemical formula but differ in the placement ( structure ) of their atoms and/or chemical bonds are known as isomers .
All of these individuals fall under the umbrella of the term “ hidden unemployment . ” Discouraged workers , those who have stopped looking for employment and , hence , are no longer counted in the unemployed also fall into this group
3631 .
size 12 { " 180 " / " 100 " = 9 / 5 " . "
5552 .
Epiphytes have two types of roots : clinging aerial roots , which absorb nutrients from humus that accumulates in the crevices of trees ; and aerial roots , which absorb moisture from the atmosphere .
Thus several state legislatures later passed their own Religious Freedom Restoration Acts .
Therapists with this orientation believe that dysfunctional behaviors , like phobias and bedwetting , can be changed by teaching clients new , more constructive behaviors .
In addition to photosynthesis , leaves play another role in the life of the plants .
Adoption of its common currency , the euro , brings with it concessions from countries on a variety of matters , and the EU ’s economic and environmental regulations are the strictest in the world .
897 .
During the Cold War era that followed World War II , stability was achieved by the existence of dual superpowers , the United States and the Soviet Union , and by the real fear of the nuclear annihilation of which both were capable .
In the past few years , it has become a question of the combination of gravitation and what is called the cosmological constant .
4083 .
ZIMBARDO ’S STANFORD PRISON EXPERIMENT
A life course is the period from birth to death , including a sequence of predictable life events such as physical maturation .
When President Dwight D. Eisenhower used too many executive agreements instead of sending key ones to the Senate as treaties , Congress reacted by considering a constitutional amendment ( the Bricker Amendment ) that would have altered the treaty process as we know it .
The theory of nullification , or the voiding of unwelcome federal laws , provided wealthy slaveholders , who were a minority in the United States , with an argument for resisting the national government if it acted contrary to their interests .
Corms contain stored food that enables some plants to survive the winter .
Hindsight bias leads you to believe that the event you just experienced was predictable , even though it really was n’t .
The physical task of writing with a pen and paper is extremely challenging for the person .
1905 .
In his book The Nature of Social Action ( 1922 ) , Weber described sociology as striving to " interpret the meaning of social action and thereby give a causal explanation of the way in which action proceeds and the effects it produces . "
6393 .
Fission , also called binary fission , occurs in prokaryotic microorganisms and in some invertebrate , multi - celled organisms .
Lymphocytes are leukocytes that are histologically identifiable by their large , darkly staining nuclei ; they are small cells with very little cytoplasm , as shown in [ link ] .
Girls experience menarche , the beginning of menstrual periods , usually around 12–13 years old , and boys experience spermarche , the first ejaculation , around 13–14 years old .
To increase the non - Indian population in Texas and provide a buffer zone between its hostile tribes and the rest of Mexico , Spain began to recruit empresarios .
While Wundt and James were concerned with understanding conscious experience , Watson thought that the study of consciousness was flawed .
There is a long list of worries about foreign trade in goods and services : fear of job loss , environmental dangers , unfair labor practices , and many other concerns .
Sonic booms are one example of a broader phenomenon called bow wakes .
This level of income is adjusted upward each year according to the rate of inflation , so that the indexed rise in the benefit level is accompanied by an indexed increase in the Social Security tax base .
206 .
First , let ’s look at the role of the amygdala in memory formation .
Helms was famous for opposing nearly all treaties brought to the Senate during his tenure .
4325 .
Step 5 .
Water potential is a measure of the potential energy in water .
The direction of a centripetal force is toward the center of curvature , the same as the direction of centripetal acceleration .
There are three primary forms of collective behavior : the crowd , the mass , and the public .
In the twenty - first century , neo - isolationism means distancing the United States from the United Nations and other international organizations that get in the way .
3525 .
This situation is called habitat isolation .
The peaceful transition calmed contemporary fears about possible violent reactions to a new party ’s taking the reins of government .
Although we do n’t yet know which role each neurotransmitter plays in memory , we do know that communication among neurons via neurotransmitters is critical for developing new memories .
Even though all of the reactants and products of this reaction are molecules ( each atom remains bonded to at least one other atom ) , in this reaction only hydrogen peroxide and water are representatives of compounds : they contain atoms of more than one type of element .
For this reason , Pilgrims are known as Separatists .
376 .
If you felt extremely depressed — so much so that you lost interest in activities , had difficulty eating or sleeping , felt utterly worthless , and contemplated suicide — your feelings would be atypical , would deviate from the norm , and could signify the presence of a psychological disorder .
In a time of crisis , like a severe economic depression , the president needed to take office almost immediately after being elected , and modern transportation allowed the new president to travel to the nation ’s capital quicker than before .
6453 .
It also includes those who do want a job but have quit looking , often due to being discouraged by their inability to find suitable employment .
Most often , the petitioner is asking the Supreme Court to grant a writ of certiorari , a request that the lower court send up its record of the case for review .
So far at least , it has proven difficult to draw clear links between these kinds of factors and the specific up - and - down fluctuations in M1 .
1504 .
CTC stands for the government tax cuts for the child tax credit .
3444 .
3993 .
485 .
Note that an elementary or fundamental particle has no substructure ( it is not made of other particles ) and has no finite size other than its wavelength .
This can happen once every ten years as a result of a constitutionally mandated reapportionment process , in which the number of House seats given to each state is adjusted to account for population changes .
In suspending the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus , Lincoln blurred the boundaries between acceptable dissent and unacceptable disloyalty .
The neoclassical growth consensus uses the aggregate production function to suggest that the period of modern economic growth came about because of increases in inputs such as technology and physical and human capital .
Sometimes , as in the case of Bill Clinton and Al Gore , the partnership appeared to be smooth if not always harmonious .
Led by John Calhoun , President Jackson ’s vice president , nullifiers argued that high tariffs on imported goods benefited northern manufacturing interests while disadvantaging economies in the South .
These organisms give us a better understanding of prokaryotic diversity and open up the possibility of finding new prokaryotic species that may lead to the discovery of new therapeutic drugs or have industrial applications .
Plasmids have been repurposed and engineered as vectors for molecular cloning and the large - scale production of important reagents , such as insulin and human growth hormone .
4157 .
Psychology is also interested in the study of a more upbeat and encouraging approach to human affairs — the quest for happiness .
Overexpression of myc transforms normal B cells into cancerous cells that continue to grow uncontrollably .
Under a socialized medicine system , the government owns and runs the system .
Since magnetic forces act at a distance , we define a magnetic field to represent magnetic forces .
A genetic site used to generate a physical map with sequencing technology ( a sequence - tagged site , or STS ) is a unique sequence in the genome with a known exact chromosomal location . 606 .
The cork cambium , cork cells , and phelloderm are collectively termed the periderm .
The horizontal axis shows the quantity of frozen raspberries produced in packs ; the vertical axis shows both total revenue and total costs , measured in dollars .
The idea that behaviors evolved as a result of the pressures of natural selection is not new .
37 .
The second largest source of federal revenue is the payroll tax ( captured in social insurance and retirement receipts ) , which provides funds for Social Security and Medicare .
Many in the Free - Soil Party believed in this far - reaching conspiracy of the slaveholding elite to control both foreign affairs and domestic policies for their own ends , a cabal that came to be known as the Slave Power .
This woman likely would experience anxiety of greater intensity and duration than would a 21-year - old college junior who is having trouble finding a date for the annual social .
There are many reasons nonrandom mating occurs .
Ehrlich 's ideas suggest that the human population is moving rapidly toward complete environmental collapse , as privileged people use up or pollute a number of environmental resources such as water and air .
In 1956 , ninety - six members of Congress signed “ The Southern Manifesto , ” in which they accused the U.S. Supreme Court of misusing its power and violating the principle of states ’ rights , which maintained that states had rights equal to those of the federal government .
2157 .
2356 .
In everyday usage , efficiency refers to lack of waste .
The cardiovascular system is composed of the heart and blood circulation system .
This grossly misrepresented the reality of slavery , which was , by any measure , a dehumanizing , traumatizing , and horrifying human disaster and crime against humanity .
People who reach this level of stress feel burned out ; they are fatigued , exhausted , and their performance begins to decline .
This is due to the oblique angle of the cleavage .
162 .
2050 .
Some Japanese practice Shinto , which follows animism , which is a religion that believes in the divinity of nonhuman beings , like animals , plants , and objects of the natural world , while people who practice totemism believe in a divine connection between humans and other natural beings .
The Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo , signed in February 1848 , was a triumph for American expansionism under which Mexico ceded nearly half its land to the United States .
2822 .
The difference is important because even though a business pays income taxes based on its accounting profit , whether or not it is economically successful depends on its economic profit .
Starting in the 1980s , Supreme Court justices appointed by Republican presidents began to roll back the Roe decision .
2103 .
3026 .
How do our religious perspectives affect our behavior ?
5974 .
Essential NutrientsWhile the animal body can synthesize many of the molecules required for function from the organic precursors , there are some nutrients that need to be consumed from food .
Capital flight refers to the movement ( flight ) of capital from one nation to another , as when General Motors automotive company closed U.S. factories in Michigan and opened factories in Mexico .
3590 .
2366 .
The endocrine system controls the response of the various glands in the body and the release of hormones at the appropriate times .
The legislation , passed and signed by Roosevelt in November 1939 , permitted belligerents to purchase war materiel if they could pay cash for it and arrange for its transportation on board their own ships .
3867 .
New organizations promoting LGBT rights that emerged after Stonewall were more radical and confrontational than the Mattachine Society and the Daughters of Bilitis had been .
The ubiquitous generator — found in automobiles , on bicycles , in nuclear power plants , and so on — uses magnetism to generate current .
1828 .
In contrast to that perspective is the pluralist theory of government , which says that political power rests with competing interest groups who share influence in government .
Kinetic Friction
What Newton ’s first law of motion states , however , is the following :
About 70 countries around the world , including all of the major economies , have deposit insurance programs .
The species - area relationship is the rate at which new species are seen when the area surveyed is increased .
The larval stage of a frog , the tadpole , is often a filter - feeding herbivore .
Although a number of reports have shown that individuals with schizophrenia are more likely to use marijuana than are individuals without schizophrenia ( Thornicroft , 1990 ) , such investigations can not determine if marijuana use leads to schizophrenia , or vice versa .
2261 .
5230 .
If nodes of Ranvier were not present along an axon , the action potential would propagate very slowly since Na+ and K+ channels would have to continuously regenerate action potentials at every point along the axon instead of at specific points .
2357 .
How do we know there are two types of electric charge ?
This section uses the demand and supply framework to analyze price ceilings .
Quantum gravity is the theory that deals with particle exchange of gravitons as the mechanism for the force , and with extreme conditions where quantum mechanics and general relativity must both be used .
In general , high - income countries such as the United States , Canada , Japan , and the nations of the European Union have relatively strict environmental standards .
91 – 93 .
1708 .
A respondent is called and asked a series of questions about his or her position or candidate selections .
Furthermore , tyranny could not arise in a government in which “ the legislature necessarily predominates . ”
Males are often larger , for example , and display many elaborate colors and adornments , like the peacock ’s tail , while females tend to be smaller and duller in decoration .
4073 .
Generally , individuals with these disorders exhibit enduring personality styles that are extremely troubling and often create problems for them and those with whom they come into contact .
Water has the highest specific heat capacity of any liquids .
They have evolved digestive systems that help them digest vast amounts of cellulose .
4493 .
Thousands of interest groups exist in the United States .
A theory is a tested and confirmed explanation for observations or phenomena .
There are three classic theories of aging within the conflict perspective .
2577 .
The idea that Americans — indeed , people in general — have fundamental rights and liberties was at the core of the arguments in favor of their independence .
Through the work of scientists in the late 18th century , the main features of the electrostatic force — the existence of two types of charge , the observation that like charges repel , unlike charges attract , and the decrease of force with distance — were eventually refined , and expressed as a mathematical formula .
A circle represents a group as a whole .
Segregation refers to the physical separation of two groups , particularly in residence , but also in workplace and social functions .
4672 .
Thus , while the availability of the factors of production determines a nation ’s potential GDP , the amount of goods and services actually being sold , known as real GDP , depends on how much demand exists across the economy .
Standing waves on strings have a frequency that is related to the propagation speed vwvw size 12 { v rSub { size 8 { w } } } { } of the disturbance on the string .
4732 .
See Printz v. United States , 521 U.S. 898 ( 1997 ) .
4721 .
Recall that sensory cells are neurons .
Explaining the court ’s ruling , Chief Justice John Marshall wrote that it was incorrect to argue that “ the Constitution was intended to secure the people of the several states against the undue exercise of power by their respective state governments ; as well as against that which might be attempted by their [ Federal ] government . ”
Perhaps this is why public opinion has an inconsistent effect on presidents ’ decisions .
Gender Dysphoria , on the other hand , removes some of that stigma by taking the word " disorder " out while maintaining a category that will protect patient access to care , including hormone therapy and gender reassignment surgery .
Although strict behaviorists such as Skinner and Watson refused to believe that cognition ( such as thoughts and expectations ) plays a role in learning , another behaviorist , Edward C. Tolman , had a different opinion .
Poorly conceived or executed studies can be weeded out , and even well - designed research can be improved by the revisions suggested .
The field of I - O psychology can be divided into three broad areas ( [ link ] and [ link ] ) : industrial , organizational , and human factors .
3001 .
This results in an impersonal organization .
Candidates described with negative adjectives , for instance , may do poorly on Election Day .
2535 .
In this example , the higher price for baseball bats would cause Sergei to buy a fewer bats for both reasons .
2326 .
A sample is a subset of individuals selected from a population , which is the overall group of individuals that the researchers are interested in .
Du Bois , met in a small hotel on the Canadian side of Niagara Falls — where segregation laws did not bar them from hotel accommodations — to discuss what immediate steps were needed for equal rights ( [ link ] ) .
4091 .
These groups , like the Gay Activists Alliance and the Gay Liberation Front , called not just for equality before the law and protection against abuse but also for “ liberation , ” Gay Power , and Gay Pride .
471 .
Granting the president and Congress such responsibilities appears to anticipate a bureaucracy of some size .
Particularly in times of war , or even in response to threats against national security , the government has held suspected enemy agents without access to civilian courts , often without access to lawyers or a defense , seeking instead to try them before military tribunals or detain them indefinitely without trial .
The activation of B cells corresponding to one specific BCR variant and the dramatic proliferation of that variant is known as clonal selection .
The differences in economic statistics and other measures of well - being , substantial though they are , do not fully capture the reasons for the enormous differences between countries .
4039 .
Note that the small contribution of mass from electrons is disregarded in calculating the mass number .
The vast majority of municipal governments operate on one of two governing models : a mayor - council system or a council - manager system .
The relatively noncontroversial portions of the act strengthen the rules requiring full and speedy disclosure of who contributes money to campaigns .
For those who worried that the president might indeed grow too ambitious or king - like , Hamilton , in Federalist No. 68 , provided assurance that placing the leadership of the country in the hands of one person was not dangerous .
She was met with great hostility from her coanchor Harry Reasoner and received critical coverage from the press .
Marsupials are found primarily in Australia , though the opossum is found in North America .
As a term and a practice , pork - barrel politics — federal spending on projects designed to benefit a particular district or set of constituents — has been around since the nineteenth century , when barrels of salt pork were both a sign of wealth and a system of reward .
Certain international organizations , like the nations that are members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) , have signed international agreements to act like a monopoly , hold down output , and keep prices high so that all of the countries can make high profits from oil exports .
In observational research , scientists are conducting a clinical or case study when they focus on one person or just a few individuals .
Libertarians believe in individual rights and limited government intervention in private life and personal economic decisions .
For example , Washington established a cabinet or group of advisors to help him administer his duties , consisting of the most senior appointed officers of the executive branch .
2950 .
1726 .
6376 .
Job satisfaction describes the degree to which individuals enjoy their job .
5192 .
These spicules serve to provide additional stiffness to the body of the sponge .
Nevertheless , women are still underrepresented in some jobs and are less likely to hold executive positions than are men .
6137 .
Stare decisis is especially important in the U.S. common law system , in which the consistency of precedent ensures greater certainty and stability in law and constitutional interpretation , and it also contributes to the solidity and legitimacy of the court system itself .
Resource Mobilization
The enzymes degrade the stored carbohydrates , proteins and lipids , the products of which are absorbed by the scutellum and transported via a vasculature strand to the developing embryo .
The auditory ossicles consist of three bones each : the malleus , incus , and stapes .
1483 .
Open market operations take place when the central bank sells or buys U.S. Treasury bonds in order to influence the quantity of bank reserves and the level of interest rates .
Centuries later , the influential Greek physician and philosopher Galen built on Hippocrates ’s theory , suggesting that both diseases and personality differences could be explained by imbalances in the humors and that each person exhibits one of the four temperaments .
Some groups of eukaryotes are photosynthetic .
1081 .
This shape is called the plumule hook , and it persists as long as germination proceeds in the dark .
Double - slit interference ( Wave Optics ) .
5672 .
They focus on the way reality is socially constructed through day - to - day interaction and how society is composed of people communicating based on a shared understanding of symbols .
Individuals in a society have specific beliefs , but they also share collective values .
In 1971 , to better represent their interests , these representatives founded the Congressional Black Caucus ( CBC ) , an organization that grew out of a Democratic select committee formed in 1969 .
6918 .
Although roundly criticized by the Republican Party and factory owners , the Wagner Act withstood several challenges and eventually received constitutional sanction by the U.S. Supreme Court in 1937 .
3338 .
The topic of persuasion has been one of the most extensively researched areas in social psychology ( Fiske et al . , 2010 ) .
This demand is determined by a number of factors , but one of them is the price level — recall though , that the price level is an index number such as the GDP deflator that measures the average price of the things we buy .
6060 .
3681 .
6899 .
4859 .
When a gene being examined is present on the X chromosome , but not on the Y chromosome , it is said to be X - linked .
2077 .
5562 .
These germ layers are programmed to develop into certain tissue types , organs , and organ systems during a process called organogenesis .
The Ku Klux Klan is an example of a racist organization ; its members ' belief in white supremacy has encouraged over a century of hate crime and hate speech .
4958 .
This is known as biomedical therapy .
The conversion from sensory stimulus energy to action potential is known as transduction .
When Obama first entered office in 2009 , journalists focused on his battles with Congress , critiquing his leadership style and inability to work with Representative Nancy Pelosi , then Speaker of the House .
) .
2677 .
Some authors , such as Jack London , who wrote The Call of the Wild , embraced a school of thought called naturalism , which concluded that the laws of nature and the natural world were the only truly relevant laws governing humanity ( [ link ] ) .
5918 .
Of the two sperm cells , one sperm fertilizes the egg cell , forming a diploid zygote ; the other sperm fuses with the two polar nuclei , forming a triploid cell that develops into the endosperm .
Exports are the goods and services that are produced domestically and sold abroad .
Market exchange rates vary on a day - to - day basis depending on supply and demand in foreign exchange markets .
The distance between an output level like E0 that is below potential GDP and the level of potential GDP is called a recessionary gap .
7032 .
The number of neutrons is variable , resulting in isotopes , which are different forms of the same atom that vary only in the number of neutrons they possess .
Meters , such as those in analog fuel gauges on a car , are another common application of magnetic torque on a current - carrying loop .
In December 1936 , the House Appropriations Committee hears Secretary of Treasury Henry Morgenthau , Jr. ( bottom , left ) and Acting Director of the Budget Daniel Bell ( top , right ) on the federal finances .
The Chinese showed them the sights and hosted a banquet for them in the Great Hall of the People .
Although his critics depicted him as weak , lazy , or incompetent , he was actually quite shrewd and politically astute .
Nontariff barriers are all the other ways that a nation can draw up rules , regulations , inspections , and paperwork to make it more costly or difficult to import products .
In [ link ] ( b ) , the original equilibrium ( E0 ) occurs at an output of 750 , which is above potential GDP .
It requires detectors on opposite sides to simultaneously ( i.e. , at the same time ) detect photons of 0.511 - Me V energy and utilizes computer imaging techniques similar to those in SPECT and CT scans .
2314 .
5785 .
Average Acceleration is the rate at which velocity changes ,
4442 .
You take the merry - go - round to be your frame of reference because you rotate together .
The common name for corporate income is “ profits . ” Over time , corporate income tax receipts have declined as a share of GDP , from about 4 % in the 1960s to an average of 1 % to 2 % of GDP in the first decade of the 2000s .
Another application of marketable permits occurred when the Clean Air Act was amended in 1990 .
The diversity of alleles and genotypes within a population is called genetic variance .
You can think of an algorithm as a recipe with highly detailed instructions that produce the same result every time they are performed .
Plant patents , the final type , recognize the discovery of new plant types that can be asexually reproduced .
5240 .
These distinctions have cultural significance related to issues of lineage . Drawing on two sociological paradigms , the sociological understanding of what constitutes a family can be explained by symbolic interactionism as well as functionalism .
The principal action of ADH is to regulate the amount of water excreted by the kidneys .
To understand this , we need a working definition of force .
The 5 ' cap , which is placed on the 5 ' end of the mRNA , is usually composed of a methylated guanosine triphosphate molecule ( GTP ) .
Edith Windsor , the plaintiff in the landmark Supreme Court case United States v. Windsor , has become an icon of the marriage equality movement for her successful effort to force repeal the DOMA provision that denied married same - sex couples a host of federal provisions and protections .
This scheme backfired , however , when McKinley was assassinated and Roosevelt became president ( [ link ] ) .
A minimum price contract is illegal because it would restrict competition among dealers .
Most activation occurs on the lit side , causing the plant hormone indole acetic acid ( IAA ) to accumulate on the shaded side .
Financial investments that cross international boundaries , and require exchanging currency , are often divided into two categories .
13 .
There are several structurally distinct papillae .
The price of a bond depends on the future payments that the bond is expected to make , including both payments of interest and the repayment of the face value of the bond .
The generally upward long - term path of GDP has been regularly interrupted by short - term declines .
The temporal lobe is located on the side of the head ( temporal means “ near the temples ” ) , and is associated with hearing , memory , emotion , and some aspects of language .
Tolerance is linked to physiological dependence , and it occurs when a person requires more and more drug to achieve effects previously experienced at lower doses .
Nucleotides preceding the initiation site are given negative numbers and are designated upstream .
While the Civil Rights Act of 1964 created opportunities for members of the black middle class to advance economically and socially , and to live in the same neighborhoods as the white middle class did , their departure left many black neighborhoods mired in poverty and without the strong community ties that existed during the era of legal segregation .
Communities with a stable structure are said to be at equilibrium .
3490 .
To dissuade the Soviets from making additional inroads in southwest Asia , he proposed the Carter Doctrine , which stated that the United States would regard any attempt to interfere with its interests in the Middle East as an act of aggression to be met with force if necessary .
A checking account typically pays little or no interest , but it facilitates transactions by giving you easy access to your money , either by writing a check or by using a debit card ( that is , a card which works like a credit card , except that purchases are immediately deducted from your checking account rather than being billed separately through a credit card company ) .
2281 .
Another personality theory , called the Five Factor Model , effectively hits a middle ground , with its five factors referred to as the Big Five personality traits .
Each approach , Keynesian and neoclassical , has its strengths and weaknesses . The short - term Keynesian model , built on the importance of aggregate demand as a cause of business cycles and a degree of wage and price rigidity , does a sound job of explaining many recessions and why cyclical unemployment rises and falls .
This leads to the formation of the next developmental stage , the gastrula , in which the future digestive cavity is formed .
Prolactin levels are regulated by the hypothalamic hormones prolactin - releasing hormone ( PRH ) and prolactin - inhibiting hormone ( PIH ) , which is now known to be dopamine .
289 .
About 75 percent of causes of infertility can be identified ; these include diseases , such as sexually transmitted diseases that can cause scarring of the reproductive tubes in either men or women , or developmental problems frequently related to abnormal hormone levels in one of the individuals .
3576 .
When people with social anxiety disorder are unable to avoid situations that provoke anxiety , they typically perform safety behaviors : mental or behavioral acts that reduce anxiety in social situations by reducing the chance of negative social outcomes .
This replacement of appointed federal officials is called rotation in office .
Major mood disorders are depression , bipolar disorder , and dysthymic disorder .
As shown in [ link ] b , amphibians have a three - chambered heart that has two atria and one ventricle rather than the two - chambered heart of fish .
6086 .
This information provides the basis for the budget line shown in [ link ] .
516 .
3797 .
Channels are specific for the substance that is being transported .
5781 .
One of its predictions , in addition to describing both electromagnetic and weak force phenomena , was the existence of the W+ , W− W+ , W− , and Z0 Z0 carrier particles .
If the minimum wage is adjusted for inflation only infrequently , minimum wage workers are losing purchasing power from their nominal wages , as shown in [ link ] .
They are designed to attract a predator away from the nest that contains their young .
The unemployment insurance program , also created by the Social Security Act , requires states to provide jobless benefits , but it allows them significant latitude to decide the level of tax to impose on businesses in order to fund the program as well as the duration and replacement rate of unemployment benefits .
The most important fact to remember here is that motions along perpendicular axes are independent and thus can be analyzed separately .
[ link ] lists representative critical temperatures and pressures .
Barbara Perry , “ One - third of all U.S. presidents appointed a Supreme Court justice in an election year , ” Washington Post , 29 February 2016 , https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/monkey-cage/wp/2016/02/29/one-third-of-all-u-s-presidents-appointed-a-supreme-court-justice-in-an-election-year/ .
This theory of rational ignorance holds that people will not vote if the costs of becoming informed and voting are too high , or they feel their vote will not be decisive in the election .
Gnathostomes or “ jaw - mouths ” are vertebrates that possess jaws .
2060 .
Drifts of dirt piled up against doors and windows .
In this case , the Supreme Court unanimously overturned its decision in Plessy v. Ferguson as it pertained to public education , stating that a separate but equal education was a logical impossibility .
Alfred Adler , a colleague of Freud ’s and the first president of the Vienna Psychoanalytical Society ( Freud ’s inner circle of colleagues ) , was the first major theorist to break away from Freud ( [ link ] ) .
On June 26 , 2015 , House minority leader Nancy Pelosi ( D - CA ) joined UN secretary - general Ban Ki - moon , California governor Jerry Brown , and other dignitaries to commemorate the seventieth anniversary of the adoption of the UN Charter in San Francisco .
3668 .
Also in 1914 , the Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) was created to define more specifically what competition was unfair .
3975 .
525 .
5197 .
240 .
6607 .
All of these species were found only in Lake Victoria ; therefore , the 500 species of cichlids were endemic .
DNA microarrays are methods used to detect gene expression by analyzing an array of DNA fragments that are fixed to a glass slide or a silicon chip to identify active genes and identify sequences .
In both Sherbert v. Verner , a case dealing with unemployment compensation , and Wisconsin v. Yoder , which dealt with the right of Amish parents to homeschool their children , the court said that for a law to be allowed to limit or burden a religious practice , the government must meet two criteria .
The invertebrates , or invertebrata , are animals that do not contain bony structures , such as the cranium and vertebrae .
5763 .
5150 .
The Anti - Federalists believed provisions such as the elastic clause in Article I , Section 8 , of the Constitution would allow Congress to legislate on matters well beyond the limited ones foreseen by the Constitution ’s authors ; thus , they held that a bill of rights was necessary .
Not only does CCK stimulate the pancreas to produce the requisite pancreatic juices , it also stimulates the gallbladder to release bile into the duodenum .
If natural selection favors an average phenotype , selecting against extreme variation , the population will undergo stabilizing selection ( [ link ] ) .
Concepts are , in many ways , big ideas that are generated by observing details , and categorizing and combining these details into cognitive structures .
Other vertebrates are polyphyodonts , that is , their teeth are replaced throughout their entire life .
The act was written to organize the rapidly expanding number of radio stations and the overuse of frequencies .
Similarly , dialysis is the transport of any other molecule through a semipermeable membrane due to its concentration difference .
3390 .
In 1971 , to better represent their interests , these representatives founded the Congressional Black Caucus ( CBC ) , an organization that grew out of a Democratic select committee formed in 1969 .
4711 .
This standard was reinforced in 1971 in the Pentagon Papers case , in which the Supreme Court found that the government could not prohibit the New York Times and Washington Post newspapers from publishing the Pentagon Papers . New York Times Co. v. United States , 403 U.S. 713 ( 1971 ) .
Penzias and Wilson shared the 1978 Nobel Prize in Physics for their discovery .
Oligodendrocytes , shown in [ link ] b form myelin sheaths around axons in the CNS .
In a healthy society , all parts work together to maintain stability , a state called dynamic equilibrium by later sociologists such as Parsons ( 1961 ) .
In fact , that is how students are learning right now by reading this book .
This right even extends to members of groups whose views most people find abhorrent , such as American Nazis and the vehemently anti - gay Westboro Baptist Church , whose members have become known for their protests at the funerals of U.S. soldiers who have died fighting in the war on terror ( [ link ] ) .
Norman : University of Oklahoma Press .
For these reasons , many nations have chosen to use taxpayer dollars to subsidize primary , secondary , and higher education .
The important concept of exponential growth is that the population growth rate — the number of organisms added in each reproductive generation — is accelerating ; that is , it is increasing at a greater and greater rate .
5108 .
Allopatric speciation ( allo- = " other " ; -patric = " homeland " ) involves geographic separation of populations from a parent species and subsequent evolution .
One way to remember this is to think that during a restful situation like a picnic , the parasympathetic nervous system is in control ( “ picnic ” and “ parasympathetic ” both start with “ p ” ) .
3118 .
1807 .
A one - time incident in which one child hits another child on the playground would not be considered bullying : Bullying is repeated behavior .
James Hamilton , who served as governor of South Carolina in the early 1830s , denounced the “ despotic majority that oppresses us . ”
The functionalist would say to let market forces fluctuate in a cycle through these stages .
Newer , grassroots organizations such as the Southern Christian Leadership Conference ( SCLC ) , Congress of Racial Equality ( CORE ) , and Student Non - Violent Coordinating Committee ( SNCC ) challenged the NAACP ’s position as the leading civil rights organization and questioned its legal - focused strategy .
One of the major controversies regarding race in the United States today is related to affirmative action , the practice of ensuring that members of historically disadvantaged or underrepresented groups have equal access to opportunities in education , the workplace , and government contracting .
Plasmids , which consist of extra - chromosomal DNA , are also present in many species of bacteria and archaea .
Stepping into this power vacuum , the United States announced the Truman Doctrine , which offered support to Greece and Turkey in the form of financial assistance , weaponry , and troops to help train their militaries and bolster their governments against Communism .
If the osmolarity of the cell matches that of the extracellular fluid , there will be no net movement of water into or out of the cell , although water will still move in and out .
In 1973 , the Supreme Court established the Miller test for deciding whether something is obscene : “ ( a ) whether the average person , applying contemporary community standards , would find that the work , taken as a whole , appeals to the prurient interest , ( b ) whether the work depicts or describes , in a patently offensive way , sexual conduct specifically defined by the applicable state law ; and ( c ) whether the work , taken as a whole , lacks serious literary , artistic , political , or scientific value . ”
In this context , overgeneralization refers to an extension of a language rule to an exception to the rule .
4336 .
Semelparity occurs when a species reproduces only once during its lifetime and then dies .
5883 .
A final type of policy is redistributive policy , so named because it redistributes resources in society from one group to another .
2298 .
2837 .
4424 .
If the nominal interest rate is 7 % and there is deflation of 2 % , then the real interest rate is actually 9 % .
Equilibrium in the Labor Market
1603 .
Every honorably discharged veteran who had seen active duty , but not necessarily combat , was eligible to receive a year ’s worth of unemployment compensation .
3611 .
A change in shape due to the application of a force is a deformation .
The most commonly cited measure of inflation in the United States is the Consumer Price Index ( CPI ) .
But proposals to limit international financial flows have severe practical difficulties .
Here , hydrolysis of nutrients is continued while most of the carbohydrates and amino acids are absorbed through the intestinal lining .
During the Great Depression of the 1930s , many nations misguidedly tried to fix their own economies by reducing foreign trade with others .
The soma has branching extensions known as dendrites .
2707 .
3156 .
According to political scientists Jeffrey Berry and Clyde Wilcox , interest groups provide a means of representing people and serve as a link between them and government . See in general Jeffrey M. Berry and Clyde Wilcox .
245 .
6406 .
Nerve conduction is a general term for electrical signals carried by nerve cells .
For example , the velocity of an airplane relative to an air mass is different from its velocity relative to the ground .
This does not automatically mean the wealthy pay less than the poor , simply that the percentage of their income they pay in taxes will be lower .
Here the cells in the blastula arrange themselves in two layers : the inner cell mass , and an outer layer called the trophoblast .
The terminal buttons contain synaptic vesicles that house neurotransmitters , the chemical messengers of the nervous system .
Zimmerman grew suspicious of the boy dressed in a hoodie and pursued Martin .
1430 .
The collective unconscious , as described by Jung , is a theoretical repository of information he believed to be shared by everyone .
A mass is a relatively large number of people with a common interest , though they may not be in close proximity ( Lofland 1993 ) , such as players of the popular Facebook game Farmville .
Disorganized thinking refers to disjointed and incoherent thought processes — usually detected by what a person says .
Age structure allows better prediction of population growth , plus the ability to associate this growth with the level of economic development in the region .
What is Lilly ’s utility - maximizing choice ?
A number of factors have been identified that predict a greater likelihood that prodromal individuals will develop a psychotic disorder : genetic risk ( a family history of psychosis ) , recent deterioration in functioning , high levels of unusual thought content , high levels of suspicion or paranoia , poor social functioning , and a history of substance abuse ( Fusar - Poli et al . , 2013 ) .
Together , these two fertilization events in angiosperms are known as double fertilization ( [ link ] ) .
2785 .
The regions within the material called domains act like small bar magnets .
In what became known as the Freeport Doctrine , Douglas adamantly upheld popular sovereignty , declaring : “ It matters not what way the Supreme Court may hereafter decide as to the abstract question whether slavery may or may not go into a territory under the Constitution , the people have the lawful means to introduce it or exclude it as they please . ” The Freeport Doctrine antagonized southerners and caused a major rift in the Democratic Party .
Because there were many witnesses to the attack on Genovese , as evidenced by the number of lit apartment windows in the building , individuals assumed someone else must have already called the police .
Hatchling ducks recognize the first adult they see , their mother , and make a bond with her .
An example of a macromolecule is deoxyribonucleic acid ( DNA ) ( [ link ] ) , which contains the instructions for the structure and functioning of all living organisms .
Elections are local .
6633 .
As you can see , there may be many competing prognostic frames even within social movements adhering to similar diagnostic frames .
Campbell , “ Civil Service Reform , ” 100 .
More specifically , the disturbances of waves are superimposed when they come together — a phenomenon called superposition .
The follicles that did not rupture degenerate and their eggs are lost .
5077 .
One concern is that while globalization may be benefiting high - skilled , high - wage workers in the United States , it may also impose costs on low - skilled , low - wage workers .
The information provided by these studies is invaluable in understanding how those animals organize socially and communicate with one another .
The metatarsals are the five bones of the foot .
Perception involves both bottom - up and top - down processing .
The tight pairing of the homologous chromosomes is called synapsis .
In their literature review , Brondolo , Brady , Pencille , Beatty , and Contrada ( 2009 ) describe how racial prejudice and discrimination serve as unique , significant stressors for those who are the targets of such attitudes and behavior .
This creates a second aggregate production function where the output is GDP per capita ( that is , GDP divided by population ) .
This reaction force is called thrust .
4456 .
However , contrary to some media depictions of the Miranda warning , law enforcement officials do not necessarily have to inform suspects of their rights before they are questioned in situations where they are free to leave .
The First Amendment of the Constitution gives Americans the right to express their opinions on matters of concern to them ; the federal government can not interfere with this right .
Thus , a museum of natural sciences might contain any of the items listed above .
3234 .
3139 .
If you gave Joaquin a piece of candy every time he made a goal , you would be using a primary reinforcer .
2757 .
2645 .
1907 .
Many national politicians supported the segregationist efforts .
The image below ( [ link ] ) shows a machinist in a factory where Taylor had consulted ; he is alone and focused solely on his job .
4294 .
Inertia is related to an object ’s mass .
The units in which they are measured are thus called fundamental units .
As the word monogastric suggests , this type of digestive system consists of one ( “ mono ” ) stomach chamber ( “ gastric ” ) .
As the campaign for civil rights continued and gained momentum , President John F. Kennedy called for Congress to pass new civil rights legislation , which began to work its way through Congress in 1963 .
6669 .
6315 .
However , not all bonds within this molecule exist in a particularly high - energy state .
5595 .
878 .
1380 .
82 .
The initial stage of the project is the construction of the Australian Square Kilometre Array Pathfinder in Western Australia ( see [ link ] ) .
229 .
4751 .
2736 .
A merged currency approach eliminates foreign exchange risk altogether .
Another phenomenon that occurs within group settings is group polarization .
In the context of psychological research , this would mean that any instruments or tools used to collect data do so in consistent , reproducible ways .
1878 .
6888 .
6324 .
An in - group is a group that we identify with or see ourselves as belonging to .
The pH scale is , as previously mentioned , an inverse logarithm and ranges from 0 to 14 ( [ link ] ) .
5948 .
These various roles and human benefits are referred to as ecosystem services .
The soil profile has four distinct layers : 1 ) O horizon ; 2 ) A horizon ; 3 ) B horizon , or subsoil ; and 4 ) C horizon , or soil base ( [ link ] ) .
2470 .
3550 .
Patrick Svitek , “ Abbott Tries Wooing General Electric to Texas , ” The Texas Tribune , 10 June 2015 . https://www.texastribune.org/2015/06/10/abbott-looks-woo-general-electric-connecticut/ .
Conductors contain free charges that move easily .
If two variables are negatively correlated , a decrease in one variable is associated with an increase in the other and vice versa .
This blood passes through the bicuspid valve or mitral valve ( the atrioventricular valve on the left side of the heart ) to the left ventricle where the blood is pumped out through aorta , the major artery of the body , taking oxygenated blood to the organs and muscles of the body .
Runners are a type of stolon that runs above the ground and produces new clone plants at nodes at varying intervals : strawberries are an example .
If one candidate , cause , or supporter was given an opportunity to reach the viewers or listeners , the other side was to be given a chance to present its side as well .
Between its implantation in April 1948 and its termination in 1951 , this program gave $ 13 billion in economic aid to European nations .
Such goods or services that are available to all without charge are called public goods .
This shared knowledge comes from social norms .
This policy leaves those most likely to spend their money with more money to spend .
1945 .
In the following section , the president is further empowered to see that the laws are “ faithfully executed . ”
Along with other feminists ( advocates of women ’s equality ) , such as her friend and colleague Susan B. Anthony , Stanton fought for rights for women besides suffrage , including the right to seek higher education .
Freud ( 1856 – 1939 ) was an Austrian neurologist who was fascinated by patients suffering from “ hysteria ” and neurosis .
Despite southerners ’ repeated insistence on states ’ rights , the Fugitive Slave Act showed that slaveholders were willing to use the power of the federal government to bend people in other states to their will .
The term personality refers loosely to one ’s stable , consistent , and distinctive way of thinking about , feeling , acting , and relating to the world .
Instead , the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade ( GATT ) , was established in 1947 to provide a forum in which nations could come together to negotiate reductions in tariffs and other barriers to trade .
An aristocracy would not arise , and if it did , its members would have been chosen by lesser men .
Patrilocal systems can be traced back thousands of years .
This theory suggests that elders will disengage from society and develop new patterns of interaction with peers who share common backgrounds and interests .
6495 .
5695 .
5104 .
3561 .
The renal pyramids along with the adjoining cortical region are called the lobes of the kidney .
Keyssar , 214 .
Christie encouraged a number of businesses to move to Camden , where unemployment has risen to almost 14 percent , by providing them with hundreds of millions of dollars in tax breaks . Dean DeChiaro , “ $ 830 M in Tax Breaks Later , Christie Says His Camden Plan Wo n’t Work for America , ” U.S .
Values portray an ideal culture , the standards society would like to embrace and live up to .
As a result , the person experiences no net gain for working .
4561 .
As discussed in Molecular Transport Phenomena : Diffusion , Osmosis , and Related Processes , free ions will diffuse from a region of high concentration to one of low concentration .
Eutherian mammals are sometimes called placental mammals because all species possess a complex placenta that connects a fetus to the mother , allowing for gas , fluid , and nutrient exchange .
So it is not the cost per unit of all units being produced , but only the next one ( or next few ) .
The first law of thermodynamics states that the change in internal energy of a system equals the net heat transfer into the system minus the net work done by the system .
This is called deaf culture .
743 .
2033 .
The fictitious Coriolis force can be used by anyone in that frame of reference to explain why objects follow curved paths and allows us to apply Newton ’s Laws in non - inertial frames of reference .
262 .
" >
Some fatty acids have common names that specify their origin .
Radial glia serve as scaffolds for developing neurons as they migrate to their end destinations .
The observable traits expressed by an organism are referred to as its phenotype .
The second is changes in people ’s expectations about inflation .
What are some stereotypes of various racial or ethnic groups ?
5547 .
3731 .
Sociologists , he stated , must establish value neutrality , a practice of remaining impartial , without bias or judgment , during the course of a study and in publishing results ( 1949 ) .
Most pensions have traditionally been set as a fixed nominal dollar amount per year at retirement .
“ Epistasis ” is a word composed of Greek roots that mean “ standing upon . ” The alleles that are being masked or silenced are said to be hypostatic to the epistatic alleles that are doing the masking .
In the first category , the fifteen - and - a - half - hour marathon of Senator Huey Long of Louisiana stands out : Hoping to retain the need for Senate confirmation of some jobs he wanted to keep from his political enemies , Long spent much of his filibuster analyzing the Constitution , talking about his favorite recipes , and telling amusing stories , as was his custom .
Reuptake involves the neurotransmitter being pumped back into the neuron that released it , in order to clear the synapse ( [ link ] ) .
Some disciplines such as biophysics and biochemistry build on both life and physical sciences and are interdisciplinary .
When transcription factors bind to the promoter just upstream of the encoded gene , it is referred to as a cis - acting element , because it is on the same chromosome just next to the gene .
This and successive similar uses of the budget process convinced many in Congress of the utility of this strategy .
( 2014 ) .
B. F. Skinner ( 1957 ) proposed that language is learned through reinforcement .
Known as Shays ’ Rebellion , the incident panicked the governor of Massachusetts , who called upon the national government for assistance .
People are assigned occupations regardless of their talents , interests , or potential .
6780 .
In addition , the right atrium receives blood from the coronary sinus which drains deoxygenated blood from the heart itself .
4026 .
There are three types of fibrous joints : sutures , syndesmoses , and gomphoses .
The core committees are called standing committees .
The phosphodiester linkage is not formed by simple dehydration reaction like the other linkages connecting monomers in macromolecules : its formation involves the removal of two phosphate groups .
2894 .
According to this theory , emotions are composed of two factors : physiological and cognitive .
6601 .
Thus , the marginal utility that Lilly would gain from , say , increasing her consumption of books from two to three must be equal to the marginal utility that she would lose if her consumption of doughnuts was cut from 120 to 84 — so that her overall utility remains unchanged between points A and B .
The functionalist would say to let market forces fluctuate in a cycle through these stages .
In addition to the large synchrotrons that produce colliding beams of protons and antiprotons , there are other large electron - positron accelerators .
It has a series of short ducts that directly connect to the urethra .
1005 .
5210 .
4033 .
The whip is the second - highest ranking member of the party in each chamber .
Arizona , 567 U.S .
The Twenty - Fourth Amendment ( 1964 ) abolished the use of poll taxes .
3109 .
5671 .
2332 .
6799 .
655 .
But in United States v. Lopez , a decision issued in 1995 , the Court changed course again and , for the first time in half a century , struck down a law as an unconstitutional overstepping of the commerce clause .
Framing can also affect the way we see race , socioeconomics , or other generalizations .
This measurement is called the merchandise trade balance .
The male spores are called microspores , because of their smaller size , and develop into the male gametophyte ; the comparatively larger megaspores develop into the female gametophyte .
923 .
1572 .
The Confederation Congress , formerly the Continental Congress , had the authority to exchange ambassadors and make treaties with foreign governments and Indian tribes , declare war , coin currency and borrow money , and settle disputes between states .
Stereotypes are oversimplified generalizations about groups of people .
( In later chapters , we will develop this idea by discussing comparative advantage . )
This small amount of energy input necessary for all chemical reactions to occur is called the activation energy ( or free energy of activation ) and is abbreviated EA ( [ link ] ) .
On the other hand , cataclysmic events , such as volcanic eruptions and meteor strikes that obliterate life , can result in devastating losses of diversity .
The general rule can also be expressed as the ratio of the prices of the two goods should be equal to the ratio of the marginal utilities .
In a compound leaf , the leaf blade is completely divided , forming leaflets , as in the locust tree .
The consequences of sleep debt include decreased levels of alertness and mental efficiency .
Instead , most scientists present their results in peer - reviewed manuscripts that are published in scientific journals .
1415 .
Actual or real GDP is benchmarked against the potential GDP to determine how well the economy is performing .
The Bill of Rights affirms and expands these constitutional restrictions , ensuring that the government can not encroach on personal freedoms .
In order for society to overcome false consciousness , Marx proposed that it be replaced with class consciousness , the awareness of one ’s rank in society .
In a sense , the immune system is the body ’s surveillance system .
The statistical study of population dynamics , demography , uses a series of mathematical tools to investigate how populations respond to changes in their biotic and abiotic environments .
387 .
But light does not impinge on the retina unaltered .
7037 .
The original equilibrium during a recession of E0 occurs at an output level of 600 .
The short run upward sloping aggregate supply curve implies a downward sloping Phillips curve ; thus , there is a tradeoff between inflation and unemployment in the short run .
The First , Second , Third , and Fourth Amendments protect basic individual freedoms ; the Fourth ( partly ) , Fifth , Sixth , Seventh , and Eighth protect people suspected or accused of criminal activity ; and the Ninth and Tenth , are consistent with the framers ’ view that the Bill of Rights is not necessarily an exhaustive list of all the rights people have and guarantees a role for state as well as federal government ( [ link ] ) .
1119 .
One form of negative social interactions among children that has become a national concern is bullying .
For example , Wallerstein contends that the United States is an economic powerhouse that can support or deny support to important economic legislation with far - reaching implications , thus exerting control over every aspect of the global economy and exploiting both semi - peripheral and peripheral nations .
Betty Ford took over as first lady in 1974 and became an avid advocate of women ’s rights , proclaiming that she was pro - choice when it came to abortion and lobbying for the ratification of the Equal Rights Amendment ( ERA ) .
All lands remaining after the division of reservations into allotments were offered for sale by the federal government to white farmers and ranchers .
The term “ sporangia ” literally means “ spore in a vessel , ” as it is a reproductive sac that contains spores [ link ] .
An electrolyte is a solute that dissociates into ions when dissolved in water .
3179 .
Most are typically tall trees that usually bear scale - like or needle - like leaves . 910 .
It passes through other layers that process it so that it can be interpreted by the retina ( [ link ] b ) .
1783 .
The variation in unemployment caused by the economy moving from expansion to recession or from recession to expansion ( i.e .
3843 .
A serotype is a strain of bacteria that carries a set of similar antigens on its cell surface , and there are often many different serotypes of a bacterial species .
This kind of loss can not be treated with hearing aids , but some individuals might be candidates for a cochlear implant as a treatment option .
By eliminating uncapped federal funding , as the TANF issue illustrates , the national government can reverse the escalating costs of federal grant programs .
As the unreinforced rats explored the maze , they developed a cognitive map : a mental picture of the layout of the maze ( [ link ] ) .
To many in the Republican Party , this new bureau was merely another instance of growing the federal bureaucracy to take care of problems caused by an inefficient government .
Tendrils are slender , twining strands that enable a plant ( like a vine or pumpkin ) to seek support by climbing on other surfaces .
[ link ] shows a variety of foul - tasting butterflies with similar coloration .
3835 .
5163 .
Altruism is people ’s desire to help others even if the costs outweigh the benefits of helping .
There are several types of risk , including default risk and interest rate risk .
This section of the chapter will explain the constraints faced by society , using a model called the production possibilities frontier ( PPF ) .
In a market economy , decision - making is decentralized .
The Civil Rights Act of 1964 prohibits employment discrimination based on race , color , religion , sex , or national origin .
This particular approach is known as the biopsychosocial model ( [ link ] ) .
Two different types of spores are produced in land plants , resulting in the separation of sexes at different points in the lifecycle .
Into the early twentieth century , written work was frequently banned as being obscene , including works by noted authors such as James Joyce and Henry Miller , although today it is rare for the courts to uphold obscenity charges for written material alone .
5166 .
5336 .
It is also important to note that every society also has nonbelievers , such as atheists , who do not believe in a divine being or entity , and agnostics , who hold that ultimate reality ( such as God ) is unknowable .
Two general types of food webs are often shown interacting within a single ecosystem .
In other words , dogs are in order Carnivora .
The gas exchange of carbon dioxide and oxygen occurs through small , regulated openings called stomata ( singular : stoma ) , which also play roles in the regulation of gas exchange and water balance .
Grammar refers to the set of rules that are used to convey meaning through the use of the lexicon ( Fernández & Cairns , 2011 ) .
Facilitated transport
1719 .
Lateral meristems facilitate growth in thickness or girth in a maturing plant .
5 .
6322 .
4975 .
3083 .
Should government deprive people of their rights by abusing the power given to it , the contract was broken and the people were no longer bound by its terms .
6981 .
During the second phase , megagametogenesis , the surviving haploid megaspore undergoes mitosis to produce an eight - nucleate , seven - cell female gametophyte , also known as the megagametophyte or embryo sac .
Formally , the work done on a system by a constant force is defined to be the product of the component of the force in the direction of motion times the distance through which the force acts .
2193 .
The airline industry is one industry that uses checklists .
Another method of cost - sharing is coinsurance , which means that the insurance company covers a certain percentage of the cost .
The fact that Congress has the sole power to introduce legislation effectively limits the power of the president to develop the same laws he or she is empowered to enforce .
As air passes through the nasal cavity , the air is warmed to body temperature and humidified .
The exchange rate that equalizes the prices of internationally traded goods across countries is called the purchasing power parity ( PPP ) exchange rate .
In central sleep apnea , disruption in signals sent from the brain that regulate breathing cause periods of interrupted breathing ( White , 2005 ) .
The Republican Senate and Judiciary Committee will welcome a Trump nominee in early 2017.Other presidential selections are not subject to Senate approval , including the president ’s personal staff ( whose most important member is the White House chief of staff ) and various advisers ( most notably the national security adviser ) .
Earlier we described it as the combination of invention and innovation .
Respiration is facilitated by ctenidia ( gills ) that are present ventrally .
The Medicare payroll tax is also called a proportional tax ; that is , a flat percentage of all wages earned .
All the states except Rhode Island chose delegates to send to the meeting , a total of seventy men in all , but many did not attend .
The dominant seed color is yellow ; therefore , the parental genotypes were YY for the plants with yellow seeds and yy for the plants with green seeds , respectively .
The 2016 elections seem to support the idea that the primary process produces a nominee rather than party insiders .
6606 .
Phosphorylation refers to the addition of the phosphate ( ~P ) .
They are similar to flame cells in that they have a tubule with cilia .
We get information into our brains through a process called encoding , which is the input of information into the memory system .
DNA dictates the structure of mRNA in a process known as transcription , and RNA dictates the structure of protein in a process known as translation .
Another form of prejudice is homophobia : prejudice and discrimination of individuals based solely on their sexual orientation .
The divide is visible in public opinion polls , where 51 percent of respondents said abortion should be legal in most cases and 43 percent said it should be illegal in most cases .
The chloroplasts contain a green pigment called chlorophyll , which captures the light energy that drives the reactions of photosynthesis .
2508 .
4139 .
First , it involved the Fed purchasing long term Treasury bonds , rather than short term Treasury bills .
Sent by the Massachusetts House of Representatives to the other colonial legislatures , the letter laid out the unconstitutionality of taxation without representation and encouraged the other colonies to again protest the taxes by boycotting British goods .
Social facts are the laws , morals , values , religious beliefs , customs , fashions , rituals , and all of the cultural rules that govern social life ( Durkheim 1895 ) .
One of the most important things we can do with heat transfer is to use it to do work for us .
As a result of its interest in worker wellbeing and relationships , organizational psychology also considers the subjects of harassment , including sexual harassment , and workplace violence .
492 .
Gas discharge tubes today are most commonly called cathode - ray tubes , because the rays originate at the cathode .
4877 .
Amelia Bloomer , another activist , also campaigned for dress reform , believing women could lead better lives and be more useful to society if they were not restricted by voluminous heavy skirts and tight corsets .
Most speculative and least constrained by experiment are TOEs , one of which is called Superstring theory .
How does the government monitor the vast amounts of money that are now a part of the election process ?
1750 .
These thinkers believed that ideas and social constructs must be proven to work before they could be accepted .
This course of evolution is suggested by similarities between theropod fossils and birds , specifically in the structure of the hip and wrist bones , as well as the presence of the wishbone , formed by the fusing of the clavicles .
Some theories include models to help visualize phenomena , whereas others do not .
3002 .
508 .
DNA dictates the structure of mRNA in a process known as transcription , and RNA dictates the structure of protein in a process known as translation .
This surveillance was imagined as a form of constant monitoring in which the observation posts are decentralized and the observed is never communicated with directly .
This was followed by the Education for all Handicapped Children Act of 1975 , which required public schools to educate children with disabilities .
They also provide advice on potential products , customers , and key employees .
The distribution of phenotypes among individuals , known as the population variation , is influenced by a number of factors , including the population ’s genetic structure and the environment ( [ link ] ) .
Exchange rates are expressed either as the units of country A ’s currency that need to be traded for a single unit of country B ’s currency ( for example , Japanese yen per British pound ) , or as the inverse ( for example , British pounds per Japanese yen ) .
These energy levels are inhibited and are slow in de - exciting because their quantum numbers differ greatly from those of available lower levels .
The formal statement of the direction and magnitude of the field due to each segment is called the Biot - Savart law .
Dendrites are tree - like structures that extend away from the cell body to receive messages from other neurons at specialized junctions called synapses .
Once used fairly sparingly — apart from Andrew Johnson ’s wholesale pardons of former Confederates during the Reconstruction period — the pardon power has become more visible in recent decades .
The plan featured a bicameral or two - house legislature , with an upper and a lower house .
In early 2014 , Janet L. Yellen , shown in [ link ] became the first woman to hold this post .
Sometimes , it ’s too impractical , expensive , or embarrassing to re - create anxiety - producing situations , so a therapist might employ virtual reality exposure therapy by using a simulation to help conquer fears .
Stage 1 sleep is a transitional phase that occurs between wakefulness and sleep , the period during which we drift off to sleep .
730 .
To a certain extent , men can assume some feminine roles and women can assume some masculine roles without interfering with their gender identity .
6886 .
To see how visual encoding works , read over this list of words : car , level , dog , truth , book , value .
It should be no surprise that the concept of comparative advantage is based on this idea of opportunity cost from Choice in a World of Scarcity .
3199 .
The B horizon is an accumulation of mostly fine material that has moved downward , resulting in a dense layer in the soil .
The reverse , when a woman is married to more than one man at the same time , is called polyandry .
[ link ] shows the U.S. poverty rate over time ; that is , the percentage of the population below the poverty line in any given year .
If motional emf can cause a current loop in the conductor , we refer to that current as an eddy current .
Unlike industrial societies that are rooted in the production of material goods , information societies are based on the production of information and services .
589 .
Contemporary neurological research shows that disturbances in the functioning of serotonin are linked to suicidal behavior ( Pompili et al . , 2010 ) .
3902 .
These policymakers believed the key to economic growth and development was the government ’s allowing private markets to operate efficiently .
“ Obscenity , Indecency , and Profanity , ” FCC , https://www.fcc.gov/encyclopedia/obscenity-indecency-and-profanity ( September 10 , 2015 ) .
( Recall that vectors are quantities that have both magnitude and direction . )
She signed a bill into law that makes voter registration automatic for all citizens in the state with a driver ’s license .
With the goals and frameworks for macroeconomic analysis in mind , the final step is to discuss the two main categories of macroeconomic policy : monetary policy , which focuses on money , banking and interest rates ; and fiscal policy , which focuses on government spending , taxes , and borrowing .
6611 .
The parties take the cohesive list of issues and concerns and frame the election around the platform .
1641 .
Wilson described his more moderate approach as one of New Freedom , which stood for a smaller federal government to protect public interests from the evils associated with big businesses and banks .
This measurement is called the merchandise trade balance .
But it took years for the Court to get to that point , and it faced a number of setbacks on the way to such recognition .
6492 .
Recognizing the widespread devastation in the South and the dire situation of freed people , Congress created the Bureau of Refugees , Freedmen , and Abandoned Lands in March 1865 , popularly known as the Freedmen ’s Bureau .
Thus , the equilibrium calculated with a Keynesian cross diagram will always end up where aggregate expenditure and output are equal — which will only occur along the 45-degree line .
2433 .
Dr. Jack Kevorkian was a staunch advocate for physician - assisted suicide : the voluntary or physician - assisted use of lethal medication provided by a medical doctor to end one ’s life .
Price elasticity is the ratio between the percentage change in the quantity demanded ( Qd ) or supplied ( Qs ) and the corresponding percent change in price .
While some predators learn to avoid eating certain potential prey because of their coloration , other species have evolved mechanisms to mimic this coloration to avoid being eaten , even though they themselves may not be unpleasant to eat or contain toxic chemicals .
6657 .
2811 .
A labor union seeks to change the balance of power between employers and workers by requiring employers to deal with workers collectively , rather than as individuals .
6234 .
It appears there was a slave - trade route through the Sahara that brought sub - Saharan Africans to Rome , which had slaves from all over the world .
The other strand , complementary to the 5 ' to 3 ' parental DNA , is extended away from the replication fork , in small fragments known as Okazaki fragments , each requiring a primer to start the synthesis .
The ocean is categorized by several areas or zones ( [ link ] ) .
The price elasticity of demand is the percentage change in the quantity demanded of a good or service divided by the percentage change in the price .
4574 .
4413 .
Mothers Against Drunk Driving ( MADD ) was established in 1980 by a woman whose thirteen - year - old daughter had been killed by a drunk driver .
It expands eligibility to programs like Medicaid and CHIP , helps guarantee insurance coverage for people with pre - existing conditions , and establishes regulations to make sure that the premium funds collected by insurers and care providers go directly to medical care .
Pew Research Center .
Another important fundamental of the democratic state is the establishment and governance of a just and comprehensive constitution that delineates the roles and responsibilities of leaders and citizens alike .
2713 .
An endergonic reaction will not take place on its own without the addition of free energy .
Assuming , as we have , that resistance is negligible , the electrical power output of a transformer equals its input .
Well before the end of the war , Congress had passed one of the most significant and far - reaching pieces of legislation to ease veterans ’ transition into civilian life : the Servicemen ’s Readjustment Act , also known as the GI Bill ( [ link ] ) .
An instrument called a spectrophotometer can differentiate which wavelengths of light a substance can absorb .
The first step in sensation is reception , which is the activation of sensory receptors by stimuli such as mechanical stimuli ( being bent or squished , for example ) , chemicals , or temperature .
That is , respondents ’ LCU scores are correlated with the number or frequency of self - reported symptoms indicating health problems .
4297 .
Outraged , Edwards and a small party of men took prisoner the alcalde of Nacogdoches .
Consider the example of the paper measurements .
Many psychologists conduct research involving animal subjects .
4662 .
Think : exergonic means energy is exiting the system .
6477 .
5243 .
2636 .
6573 .
161 .
There is strong evidence that quarks are the fundamental building blocks of hadrons as seen in [ link ] .
The small size of the population meant a severe labor shortage , and to complete the arduous tasks of early settlement , the Dutch West India Company imported some 450 African slaves between 1626 and 1664 .
The DNA - histone complex is called chromatin .
The hypothalamus also serves as an interface between the nervous system and the endocrine system and in the regulation of sexual motivation and behavior .
This type of observational study is called naturalistic observation : observing behavior in its natural setting .
A synaptic signal is a chemical signal that travels between nerve cells .
From a sociological point of view , Danielle had not been socialized .
In studying cases where DNA evidence has exonerated people from crimes , the Innocence Project discovered that eyewitness misidentification is the leading cause of wrongful convictions ( Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law , Yeshiva University , 2009 ) .
“ Why U.S. Unemployment Insurance is in Financial Trouble , ” February . http://www.scholarsstrategynetwork.org/sites/default/files/ssn_basic_facts_hertel-fernandez_on_unemployment_insurance_financing.pdf
This organization was to follow through on his campaign promise to fix the problems in the U.S. healthcare system .
If the firm is required to pay $ 100 for the additional external costs of pollution each time it produces a refrigerator , production becomes more costly and the entire supply curve shifts up by $ 100 .
The situation was made worse in October 1973 , when Syria and Egypt jointly attacked Israel to recover territory that had been lost in 1967 , starting the Yom Kippur War .
Proteins may be structural , regulatory , contractile , or protective ; they may serve in transport , storage , or membranes ; or they may be toxins or enzymes .
3427 .
Case names , written in italics , list the name of a petitioner versus a respondent , as in Roe v. Wade , for example . Roe v. Wade , 410 U.S. 113 ( 1973 ) .
The patella , or kneecap , is a triangular bone that lies anterior to the knee joint .
The specific delegated or expressed powers granted to Congress and to the president were clearly spelled out in the body of the Constitution under Article I , Section 8 , and Article II , Sections 2 and 3 .
In another classification based on flowering frequency , monocarpic plants flower only once in their lifetime ; examples include bamboo and yucca .
5584 .
One of the many important things government does is regulate public access to common goods like natural resources .
She shared with the public the news of her breast cancer diagnosis and subsequent mastectomy .
This is called the interbank market .
2724 .
1055 .
The long - run equilibrium is shown in the figure at point Y , where the firm ’s perceived demand curve touches the average cost curve .
Angry over this snub , in 1912 , Roosevelt and the other Progressive Republicans bolted from the Republican Party and formed the Progressive Party .
Times of recession or depression often seem to be times when the inflation rate is lower , as in the recession of 1920 – 1921 , the Great Depression , the recession of 1980 – 1982 , and the Great Recession in 2008 – 2009 .
There are a number of reasons why this might happen .
The clade Myxini includes at least 20 species of hagfishes .
Social media , like Facebook , also placed journalism in the hands of citizens : citizen journalism occurs when citizens use their personal recording devices and cell phones to capture events and post them on the Internet .
By the eleventh century , a major Christian holy war called the Reconquista , or reconquest , had begun to slowly push the Muslims from Spain .
To farm , the Aztec constructed barges made of reeds and filled them with fertile soil .
Object permanence refers to the understanding that physical things continue to exist , even if they are hidden from us .
The colonists had fought on behalf of Britain , and many colonists expected that after the war they would be allowed to settle on land west of the Appalachian Mountains that had been taken from France .
There are different types of economic integration across the globe , ranging from free trade agreements , in which participants allow each other ’s imports without tariffs or quotas , to common markets , in which participants have a common external trade policy as well as free trade within the group , to full economic unions , in which , in addition to a common market , monetary and fiscal policies are coordinated .
A phylogeny describes the relationships of an organism , such as from which organisms it is thought to have evolved , to which species it is most closely related , and so forth .
The most common form of direct democracy is the initiative , or proposition .
5810 .
Jet lag is a collection of symptoms that results from the mismatch between our internal circadian cycles and our environment .
If oranges get cheaper , people fire up their juicing machines and ease off on other fruits and foods .
Intersexual selection is often complex because choosing a mate may be based on a variety of visual , aural , tactile , and chemical cues .
Changes in temperature , pH , and exposure to chemicals may lead to permanent changes in the shape of the protein , leading to loss of function , known as denaturation .
4656 .
In protecting the states , the Eleventh Amendment put a prohibition on the courts by stating , “ The Judicial power of the United States shall not be construed to extend to any suit in law or equity , commenced or prosecuted against one of the United States by Citizens of another State , or by Citizens or Subjects of any Foreign State . ”
The conference committees are appointed on an ad hoc basis as necessary when a bill passes the House and Senate in different forms .
The Farmers ’ Alliance , a conglomeration of three regional alliances formed in the mid- 1880s , took root in the wake of the Grange movement .
It is a butterfly - shaped gland with two lobes that are connected by the isthmus .
Truly elastic collisions can only be achieved with subatomic particles , such as electrons striking nuclei .
This means that the government , or states , should own the property , farms , manufacturing , and businesses .
We shall generally refer to both gases and liquids simply as fluids , and make a distinction between them only when they behave differently . PhET Explorations : States of Matter — Basics
Conflict theorists point to tracking , a formalized sorting system that places students on “ tracks ” ( advanced versus low achievers ) that perpetuate inequalities .
4123 .
They tend to fail to recognize when the behavior of another is due to situational variables , and thus to the person ’s state .
This erroneous assumption is called the fundamental attribution error ( Ross , 1977 ; Riggio & Garcia , 2009 ) .
5913 .
By 2006 , two years after Massachusetts became the first state to recognize marriage equality , twenty - seven states had passed constitutional bans on same - sex marriage .
Some did not support it , but the majority did .
1398 .
Today , Freud ’s psychoanalytical perspective has been expanded upon by the developments of subsequent theories and methodologies : the psychodynamic perspective .
Its name derives from their most common use as a carrier of audio information ( i.e. , radio ) .
There is no known way to determine after the fact if a person has been exposed to less than 10 mSv .
The social benefits of an innovation take into account the value of all the positive externalities of the new idea or product , whether enjoyed by other companies or society as a whole , as well as the private benefits received by the firm that developed the new technology .
As explained in The Macroeconomic Perspective , we must consider using purchasing power parity or “ international dollars ” to convert average incomes into comparable units .
This modification further protects the pre - mRNA from degradation and signals the export of the cellular factors that the transcript needs to the cytoplasm .
Rather than bringing about an age of sobriety , as Progressive reformers had hoped , it gave rise to a new subculture that included illegal importers , interstate smuggling ( or bootlegging ) , clandestine saloons referred to as “ speakeasies , ” hipflasks , cocktail parties , and the organized crime of trafficking liquor .
Therefore , the number of neutrons in an atom contributes significantly to its mass , but not to its charge .
These hormones affect nearly every cell in the body except for the adult brain , uterus , testes , blood cells , and spleen .
Sociologist William F. Ogburn coined the term culture lag to refer to this time that elapses between the introduction of a new item of material culture and its acceptance as part of nonmaterial culture ( Ogburn 1957 ) .
The exchange rate that equalizes the prices of internationally traded goods across countries is called the purchasing power parity ( PPP ) exchange rate .
P Δ V . size 12 { P Δ V } { }
The club mosses , or phylum Lycopodiophyta , are the earliest group of seedless vascular plants .
Such was the record of Supreme Court nominations during the Obama administration and , indeed , for the last few decades .
We call our perception of these combinations of frequencies and intensities tone quality , or more commonly the timbre of the sound .
To give you a sense of cell size , a typical human red blood cell is about eight millionths of a meter or eight micrometers ( abbreviated as eight μm ) in diameter ; the head of a pin of is about two thousandths of a meter ( two mm ) in diameter .
Values are a culture ’s standard for discerning what is good and just in society .
6522 .
“ A New Standard of News Quality : Burglar Alarms for the Monitorial Citizen , ” Political Communication 20 , No. 2 : 109 – 130 .
2558 .
These include : happiness , surprise , sadness , fright , disgust , contempt , and anger ( [ link ] ) ( Ekman & Keltner , 1997 ) .
1355 .
It looks as if a gigantic explosion , universally called the Big Bang , threw matter out some billions of years ago .
In 1892 , the Geary Act extended the ban on Chinese immigration for another ten years .
The key differences between the synapsids , anapsids , and diapsids are the structures of the skull and the number of temporal fenestrae behind each eye ( [ link ] ) .
3302 .
Such tactics were used successfully in the African American civil rights movement of the 1950s and 1960s and remain effective today .
Two types of exchange rates can be used for this purpose , market exchange rates and purchasing power parity ( PPP ) equivalent exchange rates .
An artificial concept , on the other hand , is a concept that is defined by a specific set of characteristics .
3793 .
2684 .
A unit called a phon is used to express loudness numerically .
1003 .
5655 .
Thus , K - complexes might serve as a bridge to higher levels of arousal in response to what is going on in our environments ( Halász , 1993 ; Steriade & Amzica , 1998 ) .
( Drug Abuse Resistance Education ) program in public schools ( [ link ] ) .
3157 .
Industrial and organizational ( I - O ) psychology is a branch of psychology that studies how human behavior and psychology affect work and how they are affected by work .
The olfactory epithelium is a collection of specialized olfactory receptors in the back of the nasal cavity that spans an area about 5 cm2 in humans .
This organization will contact lawmakers to voice approval or disapproval of proposed legislation ( inside lobbying ) and encourage group members to take action by either donating money to it or contacting lawmakers about the proposed bill ( outside lobbying ) .
1717 .
3879 .
For this reason , heating up a system will cause chemical reactants within that system to react more frequently .
677 .
3103 .
Imagine the finger in the figure is your finger .
758 .
Chromosomes are structures within the nucleus that are made up of DNA , the hereditary material .
6311 .
4076 .
6595 .
Validity refers to the extent to which a given instrument or tool accurately measures what it ’s supposed to measure .
3020 .
In the labor market , for example , the wage elasticity of labor supply — that is , the percentage change in hours worked divided by the percentage change in wages — will determine the shape of the labor supply curve .
6090 .
1669 .
The broad category of radio waves is defined to contain any electromagnetic wave produced by currents in wires and circuits .
Transpiration — the loss of water vapor to the atmosphere through stomata — is a passive process , meaning that metabolic energy in the form of ATP is not required for water movement .
This highly contentious law began to be phased in over time starting in October of 2013 .
Just as living things must continually consume food to replenish what has been used , cells must continually produce more energy to replenish that used by the many energy - requiring chemical reactions that constantly take place .
For example , in 2009 , the U.S. government experienced its largest budget deficit ever , as the federal government spent $ 1.4 trillion more than it collected in taxes .
3767 .
The next three chapters take up this task .
3648 .
That pact required Iran to halt further nuclear development and agree to nuclear inspections , while the United States and five other signatories lifted long - standing economic sanctions on Iran .
It also prohibited superior officers from asking about or investigating the sexual orientation of those below them in rank .
These include social networking sites , blogs , podcasts , wikis , and virtual worlds .
2301 .
The resulting data provide norms , or referential scores , by which to interpret future scores .
People who are so overweight that they are at risk for death are classified as morbidly obese .
5861 .
1665 .
Because the equilibrium level of real GDP is so low , firms will not wish to hire the full employment number of workers , and unemployment will be high .
Disorganized or abnormal motor behavior refers to unusual behaviors and movements : becoming unusually active , exhibiting silly child - like behaviors ( giggling and self - absorbed smiling ) , engaging in repeated and purposeless movements , or displaying odd facial expressions and gestures .
Those drawn to the message of the Second Great Awakening yearned for stability , decency , and goodness in the new and turbulent American republic .
3095 .
A hypothesis is a testable prediction about how the world will behave if our idea is correct , and it is often worded as an if - then statement ( e.g. , if I study all night , I will get a passing grade on the test ) .
Bail is a payment of money that allows a person accused of a crime to be freed pending trial ; if you “ make bail ” in a case and do not show up for your trial , you will forfeit the money you paid .
Absolute advantage can be the result of a country ’s natural endowment .
3540 .
However , their hopes were not realized .
5139 .
Each osteon consists of lamellae , which are layers of compact matrix that surround a central canal called the Haversian canal .
Although newspapers united for a common cause during the Revolutionary War , the divisions that occurred during the Constitutional Convention and the United States ’ early history created a change .
While you might be more familiar with the phrase “ global warming , ” climate change is the term now used to refer to long - term shifts in temperatures due to human activity and , in particular , the release of greenhouse gases into the environment .
A genetic map is an illustration that lists genes and their location on a chromosome .
Putnam argues that a decline in social capital — “ the collective value of all ‘ social networks ’ [ those whom people know ] and the inclinations that arise from these networks to do things for each other ” — accompanies this decline in membership in small , interactive groups .
Some fatty acids have common names that specify their origin .
Finally , the availability heuristic is a heuristic in which you make a decision based on an example , information , or recent experience that is that readily available to you , even though it may not be the best example to inform your decision .
To many people ’s way of thinking , however , the Supreme Court turned back the clocks when it gutted a core aspect of the Voting Rights Act in Shelby County v. Holder ( 2013 ) .
In the United States , a dissertation generally has to be defended before a committee of expert reviewers before the degree is conferred ( [ link ] ) .
4765 .
Instead , each consumer reacts according to that person ’s preferences and budget set , and each profit - seeking producer reacts to the impact on its expected profits .
She has an amazing and highly superior autobiographical memory ( [ link ] ) .
According to Freud , unconscious drives influenced by sex and aggression , along with childhood sexuality , are the forces that influence our personality .
For many , the immediate relief was , at a minimum , psychological : Herbert Hoover was gone , and the situation could not grow worse under Roosevelt .
By the second decade of the 2000s , nearly 60 % of women participated in the paid labor force according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics .
A number of today ’s well - known firms issued junk bonds in the 1980s when they were starting to grow , including Turner Broadcasting and Microsoft .
That is , selenium is an insulator when in the dark and a conductor when exposed to light .
According to Friedman and Rosenman , these individuals exhibit Type A behavior pattern ; those who are more relaxed and laid - back were characterized as Type B ( [ link ] ) .
It states : Whenever one body exerts a force on a second body , the first body experiences a force that is equal in magnitude and opposite in direction to the force that the first body exerts .
Among other stipulations , the Wade - Davis Bill called for a majority of voters and government officials in Confederate states to take an oath , called the Ironclad Oath , swearing that they had never supported the Confederacy or made war against the United States .
Do you tend to be sociable or shy ?
4087 .
Low levels of serotonin predict future suicide attempts and suicide completions , and low levels have been observed post - mortem among suicide victims ( Mann , 2003 ) .
4944 .
Atomic and molecular interactions , such as the forces of friction , cohesion , and adhesion , are now known to be manifestations of the electromagnetic force .
Methadone clinics help people who previously struggled with opioid addiction manage withdrawal symptoms through the use of methadone .
Conversely , when the government receives more money in taxes than it spends in a year , it runs a budget surplus .
A secondary reinforcer has no inherent value and only has reinforcing qualities when linked with a primary reinforcer .
Together , the suburbs , exurbs , and metropolitan areas all combine to form a metropolis .
A universe that is closed is called positively curved .
Sociologists use the term status consistency to describe the consistency , or lack thereof , of an individual ’s rank across these factors .
Rock the Vote also maintains a website that helps young adults find out how to register in their state .
Until recently , these protists were believed to lack mitochondria .
If the firm is successful , the outputs are more valuable than the inputs .
This case involved two men who were members of the Native American Church , a religious organization that uses the hallucinogenic peyote plant as part of its sacraments .
6156 .
Changes can be made in a group of body organ systems in order to maintain a set point in another system .
Primary feathers are located at the tip of the wing and provide thrust .
Antitrust cases involving restrictive practices are often controversial , because they delve into specific contracts or agreements between firms that are allowed in some cases but not in others . For example , if a product manufacturer is selling to a group of dealers who then sell to the general public it is illegal for the manufacturer to demand a minimum resale price maintenance agreement , which would require the dealers to sell for at least a certain minimum price .
5063 .
They , too , are found primarily in the glabrous skin on the fingertips and eyelids .
When , during his presidential candidacy , Donald Trump made controversial statements about immigrants , many rallied both for and against him .
Ronald J. Hrebenar .
Sometimes , however , a virus can remain within the cell without being released .
In this case , the lens has been shaped so that all light rays entering it parallel to its axis appear to originate from the same point , FF size 12 { F } { } , defined to be the focal point of a diverging lens .
The answer is that pions are exchanged but they have a substructure and , as we explore it , we find that the strong force is actually related to the indirectly observed but more fundamental gluons .
Each type of atom ( or element ) has its own characteristic electromagnetic spectrum .
Meanwhile , low - skilled U.S. workers must now compete against extremely low - wage workers worldwide for making simpler products like toys and clothing .
Many of these first ten amendments were based on provisions of the English Bill of Rights and the Virginia Declaration of Rights .
Once Mendel examined the characteristics in the F1 generation of plants , he allowed them to self - fertilize naturally .
A bureaucracy is an administrative group of nonelected officials charged with carrying out functions connected to a series of policies and programs .
2827 .
This is true to an extent , but we find that color perception is even subtler than our eye ’s response for various wavelengths of light .
2697 .
Ethnocentrism , as sociologist William Graham Sumner ( 1906 ) described the term , involves a belief or attitude that one ’s own culture is better than all others .
Second Postulate of Special Relativity
Broad new federal policies and mandates have also been carried out in the form of the Faith - Based Initiative and No Child Left Behind ( during the George W. Bush administration ) and the Affordable Care Act ( during Barack Obama ’s administration ) .
Here we see two neutral metal spheres in contact with one another but insulated from the rest of the world . 2944 .
6118 .
The post - anal tail is a posterior elongation of the body , extending beyond the anus .
Consequently , plants have developed many adaptations to attract pollinators .
In practice , this means laws that treat men and women differently are sometimes upheld , although usually they are not .
These conditions may , however , change from one moment to the next .
6511 .
3999 .
In this way , the mRNA is read and the protein product is made .
( a ) Compasses placed near a long straight current - carrying wire indicate that field lines form circular loops centered on the wire .
African American abolitionist John S. Rock had coined the phrase “ Black Is Beautiful ” in 1858 , but in the 1960s , it became an important part of efforts within the African American community to raise self - esteem and encourage pride in African ancestry .
The synaptonemal complex , a lattice of proteins between the homologous chromosomes , first forms at specific locations and then spreads to cover the entire length of the chromosomes .
On January 1 , 1863 , Lincoln made good on his promise and signed the Emancipation Proclamation .
A shock hazard occurs when electric current passes through a person .
The strategies of nonviolent resistance and civil disobedience , or the refusal to obey an unjust law , had been effective in the campaign led by Mahatma Gandhi to liberate colonial India from British rule in the 1930s and 1940s .
The national saving and investment identity provides a useful way to understand the determinants of the trade and current account balance .
Air , for example , is nearly transparent to many IR frequencies . Microwaves are the highest frequencies that can be produced by electronic circuits , although they are also produced naturally .
The dogs ’ salivation was an unconditioned response ( UCR ) : a natural ( unlearned ) reaction to a given stimulus .
925 .
These fishes can feed on coral , the cryptofauna ( invertebrates found within the calcium carbonate substrate of the coral reefs ) , or the seaweed and algae that are associated with the coral .
Thus , in attempting to get rich in the stock market , it is no help to identify a company that is going to earn high profits if many other investors have already reached the same conclusion , because the stock price will already be high , based on the expected high level of future profits . The idea that stock prices are based on expectations about the future has a powerful and unexpected implication .
A branch with more than two lineages is called a polytomy and serves to illustrate where scientists have not definitively determined all of the relationships .
Instead , it consists of trabeculae , which are lamellae that are arranged as rods or plates .
778 .
Empty love is having commitment without intimacy or passion .
If you love country music , then what amounts to a series of free concerts would be a positive externality .
From this came the idea that people should be free to consent to being governed .
3349 .
She could not conduct business or buy and sell property .
National Conference of State Legislatures .
Waste material is enveloped in a membrane and fuses with the interior of the plasma membrane .
On the majority side , because it holds the speakership , the majority leader also has considerable power .
In contrast , a person who has psychological dependence has an emotional , rather than physical , need for the drug and may use the drug to relieve psychological distress .
In the process , the Spanish displaced the local Timucua Indians from their ancient town of Seloy , which had stood for thousands of years ( [ link ] ) .
And appliance repair people say that while they might be fixing some machines that are twenty years old , they generally are n’t fixing those that are seven years old ; newer models are built to be thrown out .
Although not well understood , Ménière 's disease results in a degeneration of inner ear structures that can lead to hearing loss , tinnitus ( constant ringing or buzzing ) , vertigo ( a sense of spinning ) , and an increase in pressure within the inner ear ( Semaan & Megerian , 2011 ) .
These animals do not possess antennae .
Those frequencies above the human range are called ultrasound . Amplitude , or the dimension of a wave from peak to trough , in sound is heard as volume and is illustrated in [ link ] .
Both the Antitrust Division of the Justice Department and the Federal Trade Commission have responsibilities for preventing collusion in the United States .
Symptoms of the disease include the inability to differentiate between reality and imagination , inappropriate and unregulated emotional responses , difficulty thinking , and problems with social situations .
In the battle over passage of the 2010 Affordable Care Act ( ACA ) , which became known as “ Obamacare , ” there was heavy lobbying on all sides by insurance companies and pharmaceutical companies .
Dogs detect up to about 40,000 Hz ; cats , 60,000 Hz ; bats , 100,000 Hz ; and dolphins 150,000 Hz , and American shad ( Alosa sapidissima ) , a fish , can hear 180,000 Hz .
Congress and the president responded with the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978 , which abolished the Civil Service Commission .
330 .
Several southern states continued to require residents to pay poll taxes in order to vote in state elections until 1966 when , in the case of Harper v. Virginia Board of Elections , the Supreme Court declared that requiring payment of a poll tax in order to vote in an election at any level was unconstitutional .
Programming is organized around three pillars : ( 1 ) climate change adaptation , ( 2 ) clean energy , and ( 3 ) sustainable landscapes ( Troilo 2012 ) .
GTP provides the energy to start the reaction by giving up a phosphate and becoming guanosine diphosphate ( GDP ) .
Force is a push or pull that can be defined in terms of various standards , and it is a vector having both magnitude and direction .
The economist Milton Friedman ( 1912–2006 ) , for example , wrote a defense of floating exchange rates in 1962 in his book Capitalism and Freedom : Being in favor of floating exchange rates does not mean being in favor of unstable exchange rates .
1412 .
If the volume of the solution on both sides of the membrane is the same , but the concentrations of solute are different , then there are different amounts of water , the solvent , on either side of the membrane .
3428 .
In the gradual speciation model , species diverge gradually over time in small steps .
The process of adjusting the eye ’s focal length is called accommodation .
Those who want to borrow money can go directly to a bank rather than trying to find someone to lend them cash Transaction costs are the costs associated with finding a lender or a borrower for this money .
This is known as latent learning : learning that occurs but is not observable in behavior until there is a reason to demonstrate it . Psychologist Edward Tolman found that rats use cognitive maps to navigate through a maze .
2370 .
5081 .
For example , imagine you meet someone who introduces himself as a firefighter .
4487 .
Even without unanimous agreement among citizens , Supreme Court decisions have made all these possibilities a reality , a particularly important one for the individuals who become the beneficiaries ( [ link ] ) .
The Shakers started in England as an outgrowth of the Quaker religion in the middle of the eighteenth century .
“ The Non - Governmental Order : Will NGOs Democratise , or Merely Disrupt , Global Governance ? ” The Economist , 9 December 1999 .
In another postzygotic situation , reproduction leads to the birth and growth of a hybrid that is sterile and unable to reproduce offspring of their own ; this is called hybrid sterility .
954 .
Moderate conservatives dubbed the reform proposals “ Hillarycare ” and argued that the bill was an unwarranted expansion of the powers of the federal government that would interfere with people ’s ability to choose the healthcare provider they wanted .
Flight feathers are asymmetrical , which affects airflow over them and provides some of the lifting and thrusting force required for flight ( [ link ] ) .
5659 .
A person ’s sex , as determined by his or her biology , does not always correspond with his or her gender .
Examples of neoconservativism in action are the 1980s U.S. campaigns in Central American countries to turn back communism under President Ronald Reagan , the Iraq War of 2003 led by President George W. Bush and his vice president Dick Cheney ( [ link ] ) , and the use of drones as counterterrorism weapons during the Obama administration .
1440 .
What happens on a microscopic scale is illustrated in [ link ] .
There are two main types of filaments : thick filaments and thin filaments ; each has different compositions and locations .
Prior to the conflict , in Dred Scott v. Sandford , the Supreme Court ruled that the national government lacked the authority to ban slavery in the territories .
Keyssar , 263 – 264 .
Without a patent , the pharmaceutical firm would have to face competition for any successful products , and could earn no more than a normal rate of profit .
The NWP held public protests and picketed outside the White House ( [ link ] ) .
A similar problem has arisen in the white - collar sector , with many low - level clerical and support positions also being outsourced , as evidenced by the international technical - support call centers in Mumbai , India , and Newfoundland , Canada . 5603 .
Compare , for example , your productivity in typing a term paper on a typewriter to working on your laptop with word processing software .
1236 .
583 .
The Venus flytrap is popularly known for its insectivorous mode of nutrition , and has leaves that work as traps ( [ link ] ) .
Previous sections of this chapter focused on classical and operant conditioning , which are forms of associative learning .
At the same time , voltage - gated K+ channels open , allowing K+ to leave the cell .
The interlobar arteries split at the junction of the renal cortex and medulla to form the arcuate arteries .
4231 .
There , an anarchist group had gathered in response to a death at an earlier nationwide demonstration for the eight - hour workday .
Carl Rogers ( 1902 – 1987 ) was also an American psychologist who , like Maslow , emphasized the potential for good that exists within all people ( [ link ] ) .
3803 .
The cornea , the front transparent layer of the eye , and the crystalline lens , a transparent convex structure behind the cornea , both refract ( bend ) light to focus the image on the retina .
Life history traits affect the life table of an organism .
Gilbreth was another influential I - O psychologist who strove to find ways to increase productivity ( [ link ] ) .
3630 .
7084 .
These individuals tend to be intensively driven workaholics who are preoccupied with deadlines and always seem to be in a rush .
2108 .
There is a direct relationship between solar intensity and temperature .
Many banks and other financial institutions also offer a chance to invest in money market funds , where the deposits of many individual investors are pooled together and invested in a safe way , such as short - term government bonds .
New Haven , CT : Yale University Press , 102–103 .
The introduction starts with brief , but broad , background information about what is known in the field .
Subsequent amendments further extended the suffrage .
A genetic marker is a gene or sequence on a chromosome that co - segregates ( shows genetic linkage ) with a specific trait .
It is now known that the pairing and interaction between homologous chromosomes , known as synapsis , does more than simply organize the homologs for migration to separate daughter cells .
The president hoped that by nominating a former senator from the opposition he could ensure the confirmation process would go smoothly .
While this style can work well with highly motivated and mature participants who have clear goals and guidelines , it risks group dissolution and a lack of progress .
4994 .
Writing another person ’s words as if they are one ’s own has a name — plagiarism .
Since winning elections is the first goal of the political party , it makes sense that the formal party organization mirrors the local - state - federal structure of the U.S. political system .
A traditional PAC is an organization designed to raise hard money to elect or defeat candidates .
This was difficult to do , but it generally did prevent anyone from hijacking the Senate floor , with the salient exception of Senator Strom Thurmond ’s record twenty - four - hour filibuster of the Civil Rights Act . In 1975 , after the heightened partisanship of the civil rights era , the Senate further weakened the filibuster by reducing the number needed for cloture from two - thirds to three - fifths , or sixty votes , where it remains today ( except for judicial nominations for which only fifty - five votes are needed to invoke cloture ) .
3967 .
A pandemic is a widespread , usually worldwide , epidemic .
The poll results were blasted by some in the media for being fake .
5177 .
This kind of response is not nearly as adaptive in the modern world ; in fact , we suffer negative health consequences when faced constantly with psychological threats that we can neither fight nor flee .
If the number of elected representatives who favor a proposed law is greater than those who oppose it , the law will be enacted .
6730 .
Furthermore , some animals must expend energy caring for their offspring .
Find the percentage change in the cost of purchasing the overall basket of goods between the time periods .
4695 .
More recently , several shooting deaths of unarmed young African American men have raised awareness of racial issues in the United States and potential problems in policing practices .
The just - world hypothesis is the belief that people get the outcomes they deserve ( Lerner & Miller , 1978 ) .
This is called adaptive radiation because many adaptations evolve from a single point of origin ; thus , causing the species to radiate into several new ones .
For example , when a newspaper identifies by race individuals accused of a crime , it may enhance stereotypes of a certain minority .
1774 .
The magnitude , direction , and point of application of the force are incorporated into the definition of the physical quantity called torque .
1148 .
6181 .
2046 .
4764 .
4072 .
177 .
An owner ’s equity in a house is the monetary value the owner would have after selling the house and repaying any outstanding bank loans used to buy the house .
For example , if you think that your professor is not very nice , you notice all of the instances of rude behavior exhibited by the professor while ignoring the countless pleasant interactions he is involved in on a daily basis .
All other phenotypes or genotypes are considered variants of this standard , meaning that they deviate from the wild type .
Recall that torque is the turning effectiveness of a force .
3460 .
5727 .
Antitrust law includes rules against restrictive practices — practices that do not involve outright agreements to raise price or to reduce the quantity produced , but that might have the effect of reducing competition .
The act established the Civil Service Commission , a centralized agency charged with ensuring that the federal government ’s selection , retention , and promotion practices were based on open , competitive examinations in a merit system .
After many years of campaigns for suffrage , as shown in [ link ] , the Nineteenth Amendment finally gave women the right to vote in 1920 .
3191 .
A key turning point was the court ’s ruling in Planned Parenthood v. Casey in 1992 , in which a plurality of the court rejected Roe ’s framework based on trimesters of pregnancy and replaced it with the undue burden test , which allows restrictions prior to viability that are not “ substantial obstacle[s ] ” ( undue burdens ) to women seeking an abortion .
6101 .
For polynucleotide synthesis to occur , the transcription machinery needs to move histones out of the way every time it encounters a nucleosome .
3645 .
By acting together , oligopolistic firms can hold down industry output , charge a higher price , and divide up the profit among themselves .
They analyze issues and problems with economic theories that are based on particular assumptions about human behavior , that are different than the assumptions an anthropologist or psychologist might use .
Together , the personal income tax and the payroll tax accounted for about 80 % of federal tax revenues in 2014 .
The region just before the protein - coding region is called the 5 ' UTR , whereas the region after the coding region is called the 3 ' UTR ( [ link ] ) .
6655 .
5097 .
The tips of the pyramids , called renal papillae , point toward the renal pelvis .
McDonald v. Chicago , 561 U.S. 742 ( 2010 ) .
1731 .
An independent variable is manipulated or controlled by the experimenter .
Alternatively , Brazil ’s central bank can trade directly in the foreign exchange market .
Small molecules , such as calcium ions ( Ca2 + ) , are able to move between cells , but large molecules like proteins and DNA can not fit through the channels .
There is also a growing body of experimental evidence suggesting that we possess a taste for the fatty content of a given food ( Mizushige , Inoue , & Fushiki , 2007 ) .
Cohesive forces between molecules cause the surface of a liquid to contract to the smallest possible surface area .
773 .
[ link ] ( a ) illustrates this situation .
For this reason , Pilgrims are known as Separatists . Like Jamestown , Plymouth occupies an iconic place in American national memory .
At the Seneca Falls Convention , Stanton wrote the Declaration of Sentiments , which was modeled after the Declaration of Independence and proclaimed women were equal to men and deserved the same rights .
They also gave their support to Protestant ministers like Charles Grandison Finney , who preached that all people possessed free moral agency , meaning they could change their lives and bring about their own salvation , a message that resonated with members of the middle class , who already believed their worldly efforts had led to their economic success .
One key part of the transportation revolution was the widespread building of roads and turnpikes .
459 .
Very few measuring devices are capable of observations over a range of a trillion .
Openings called stomata ( singular : stoma ) allow a plant to take up carbon dioxide and release oxygen and water vapor .
The collective unconscious is a universal version of the personal unconscious , holding mental patterns , or memory traces , which are common to all of us ( Jung , 1928 ) .
A random sample consists of a limited number of people from the overall population , selected in such a way that each has an equal chance of being chosen .
478 .
3037 .
However , it also found that a middle - range estimate of the health and other benefits from cleaner air was $ 22 trillion — about 44 times higher than the costs .
The shoot system generally grows above ground , where it absorbs the light needed for photosynthesis .
3013 .
Indeed , the macroeconomic policies concerning money are largely conducted through the banking system .
4154 .
The Democrats divided along sectional lines as a result of the bill , and the Whig party , in decline in the early 1850s , found its political power slipping further .
Bacteria , plants , and animals have been genetically modified since the early 1970s for academic , medical , agricultural , and industrial purposes .
In 2012 , in Arizona v. United States , the Supreme Court affirmed federal supremacy on immigration . Arizona v. United States , 567 U.S. _ _ ( 2012 ) .
1025 .
Animals adapt to extremes of temperature or food availability through torpor .
Violent crimes ( also known as “ crimes against a person ” ) are based on the use of force or the threat of force .
1019 .
When Congress drafted the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978 , it specifically included rights for federal whistleblowers , those who publicize misdeeds committed within a bureaucracy or other organization , and set up protection from reprisals .
During the eighteenth century , the British Atlantic experienced an outburst of Protestant revivalism known as the First Great Awakening .
The skull consists of 22 bones , which are divided into two categories : cranial bones and facial bones .
In other words , plasma membranes are selectively permeable — they allow some substances to pass through , but not others .
1073 .
Although he remained an active member of the Socialist Party until 1919 , Haywood appreciated the outcry of the more radical arm of the party that desired an industrial union approach to labor organization .
For the United States , this is the Federal Reserve .
From 1920 to 1923 , Secretary of the Interior Albert B .
Here ’s how it works .
They are more evolved than the flame cells in that they have a system for tubular reabsorption by a capillary network before excretion .
By matching up overlapping sequences at the end of each fragment , the entire DNA sequence can be reformed .
A few exceptions to this pattern do exist .
In 2004 , Jon Stewart of Comedy Central ’s The Daily Show began attacking the CNN program Crossfire for being theater , saying the hosts engaged in reactionary and partisan arguing rather than true debating .
Analysis of the findings by later researchers led to the term the Hawthorne effect , which describes the increase in performance of individuals who are noticed , watched , and paid attention to by researchers or supervisors [ link ] ) .
As shown in [ link ] , the direction of magnetic field lines is defined to be the direction in which the north end of a compass needle points .
4904 .
Countries with Relatively High Inflation Rates , 1980 – 2013
The Battle of New Orleans immediately catapulted Jackson to national prominence as a war hero , and in the 1820s , he emerged as the head of the new Democratic Party .
Thus , humanism emerged .
Sarah Winnemucca ( [ link ] ) , member of the Paiute tribe , lectured throughout the east in the 1880s in order to acquaint white audiences with the injustices suffered by the western tribes . See Gae Whitney Canfield .
The poly - A tail , which is attached to the 3 ' end , is usually composed of a series of adenine nucleotides .
2140 .
Although avidity measures the strength of binding , just as affinity does , the avidity is not simply the sum of the affinities of the antibodies in a multimeric structure .
Bill Clinton ’s average approval from 1993 to 2000 was 55.1 percent , including the months surrounding the Monica Lewinsky scandal and his subsequent impeachment .
Molecules on the surface are pulled inward by cohesive forces , reducing the surface area .
1028 .
They visit flowers that are open during the day , are brightly colored , have a strong aroma or scent , and have a tubular shape , typically with the presence of a nectar guide .
The mechanical energy from the moving tympanum transmits the vibrations to the three bones of the middle ear .
1218 .
Of particular interest is the ability of complex systems to adapt and evolve .
Homologous chromosomes are the same length and have specific nucleotide segments called genes in exactly the same location , or locus .
6685 .
5382 .
In Rotter ’s view , people possess either an internal or an external locus of control ( [ link ] ) .
The atrium collects blood that has returned from the body and the ventricle pumps the blood to the gills where gas exchange occurs and the blood is re - oxygenated ; this is called gill circulation .
Another series of reforms pushed forward by Progressives that sought to sidestep the power of special interests in state legislatures and restore the democratic political process were three election innovations — the initiative , referendum , and recall .
He proposed that the government could bury money underground , and let mining companies get started to dig the money up again .
2047 .
No magnetic monopoles are known to exist .
6928 .
5236 .
436 .
The Clean Air Act ( 1965 ) , the Highway Safety Act ( 1966 ) , and the Fair Packaging and Labeling Act ( 1966 ) promoted environmental and consumer protection .
This plan called for merely amending the Articles of Confederation to allow for an executive branch made up of a committee elected by a unicameral Congress for a single term .
Tumor Suppressor GenesLike proto - oncogenes , many of the negative cell cycle regulatory proteins were discovered in cells that had become cancerous .
A substitute is a good or service that can be used in place of another good or service .
428 .
1581 .
There are five major chlorophylls : a , b , c and d and a related molecule found in prokaryotes called bacteriochlorophyll .
Section Summary
First , whatever happens with aggregate supply and aggregate demand in the short run , monetary policy can be used to prevent inflation from becoming entrenched in the economy in the medium and long term .
A case study is an in - depth analysis of a single event , situation , or individual .
Thus , we have used Bohr ’s assumptions to derive the formula first proposed by Balmer years earlier as a recipe to fit experimental data .
The general pattern that consumption of the first few units of any good tends to bring a higher level of utility to a person than consumption of later units is a common pattern .
While male monotremes and eutherians possess mammary glands , male marsupials do not .
Although Thomas Jefferson , Washington ’s secretary of state , staunchly opposed Hamilton ’s plan on the constitutional grounds that the national government had no authority to create such an instrument , Hamilton managed to convince the reluctant president to sign the legislation .
Biologists have proposed mechanisms by which this could occur that fall into two broad categories .
Inside the cochlea , the basilar membrane is a mechanical analyzer that runs the length of the cochlea , curling toward the cochlea ’s center .
The economic recovery from the 2007–2009 recession , and budget control efforts implemented since then , have managed to cut the annual deficit — the amount by which expenditures are greater than revenues — by more than half .
It is easy to imagine sets of government choices — say , perhaps the choice between increased defense spending , increased government spending on health care , and a tax cut — in which a voting cycle could occur .
Other restrictions such as a requirement that a married woman notify her spouse prior to an abortion were struck down as an undue burden .
3292 .
During this stage , the initial shock of alarm reaction has worn off and the body has adapted to the stressor .
3169 .
Incomplete ingestion refers to the fact that some consumers eat only a part of their food .
Perhaps the most famous provision of the Fifth Amendment is its protection against self - incrimination , or the right to remain silent .
For example , a number of New Deal breakthroughs , such as child labor laws , were inspired by state policies .
These forms may produce additional polyps by budding or may transform into the medusoid form .
6446 .
However , Freud felt that the ego would at times try to block , or repress , unacceptable urges or painful conflicts during free association .
AM radio waves are used to carry commercial radio signals in the frequency range from 540 to 1600 kHz .
At least one type of aminoacyl tRNA synthetase exists for each of the 20 amino acids ; the exact number of aminoacyl tRNA synthetases varies by species .
Range of Reaction is the theory that each person responds to the environment in a unique way based on his or her genetic makeup .
Just as fertility measures childbearing , the mortality rate is a measure of the number of people who die .
Presoaking in hot water , or passing through an acid environment , such as an animal ’s digestive tract , may also be employed .
Likewise , the most senior justice in the dissenting group can assign a member of that group to write the dissenting opinion ; however , any justice who disagrees with the majority may write a separate dissenting opinion .
In education , examples of dysfunction include getting bad grades , truancy , dropping out , not graduating , and not finding suitable employment .
Plessy v. Ferguson , 163 U.S. 537 ( 1896 ) .
A similar , but more directed version of kinesis is taxis : the directed movement towards or away from a stimulus .
2670 .
Protist cells may be enveloped by animal - like cell membranes or plant - like cell walls .
Bourgeois Nightmares : Suburbia , 1870–1930 .
In the 1960s , a gauge theory , called electroweak theory , was developed by Steven Weinberg , Sheldon Glashow , and Abdus Salam and proposed that the electromagnetic and weak forces are identical at sufficiently high energies .
See Gabriel Chin and Hrishi Kathrikeyan .
These are called insulators .
An example of a primitive endoskeletal structure is the spicules of sponges .
2507 .
1514 .
6721 .
5086 .
There were a few months in 2009 that were deflationary , but not at an annual rate .
1698 .
These nucleotide triplets are called codons .
Both the demand and supply curve show the relationship between price and the number of units demanded or supplied .
In the acinar region , the alveolar ducts are attached to the end of each bronchiole .
The concept of episodic memory was first proposed about 40 years ago ( Tulving , 1972 ) .
Females then choose males with the most impressive traits because it signals their genetic superiority , which they will then pass on to their offspring .
5134 .
The temporal lobe is located on the side of the head ( temporal means “ near the temples ” ) , and is associated with hearing , memory , emotion , and some aspects of language .
The eIF-2 protein is active when it binds to the high - energy molecule guanosine triphosphate ( GTP ) .
This process uses a coating protein , called caveolin , on the cytoplasmic side of the plasma membrane , which performs a similar function to clathrin .
In short , the term refers to any collection of at least two people who interact with some frequency and who share a sense that their identity is somehow aligned with the group .
There they exhibited a fine example of industry , by spinning from sunrise until dark , and displayed a spirit for saving their sinking country rarely to be found among persons of more age and experience . ”
If we divide profit by the quantity of output produced we get average profit , also known as the firm ’s profit margin .
By this time , war with Great Britain had already begun , following skirmishes between colonial militiamen and British troops at Lexington and Concord , Massachusetts .
Group leaders also play an important role in overcoming collective action problems .
Macromolecules are inactivated using enzymes such as proteases that break down proteins , and ribonucleases ( RNAses ) that break down RNA .
The answer lies in the ceteris paribus assumption .
The first Republican candidate to throw a hat into the ring for 2016 , Ted Cruz had been preparing for his presidential run since 2013 when he went hunting in Iowa and vacationed in New Hampshire , both key states in the nomination process . Margaret Carlson , “ In Iowa , Ted Cruz Shoots Ducks in a Barrel , ” Bloomberg View , 29 October 2013 ; Steve Peoples , “ Sen .
Named after James Flynn , who was among the first to describe this trend , the Flynn effect refers to the observation that each generation has a significantly higher IQ than the last .
People may see or read an occasional story about the meetings of the state committees or convention but pay little attention .
1648 .
Gender identity is a person ’s deeply held internal perception of his or her gender .
5323 .
4379 .
6493 .
As the effects of the Depression eased , the government phased out many of these programs .
This is known as the Central Dogma of Life , which holds true for all organisms ; however , exceptions to the rule occur in connection with viral infections .
394 .
But in the 1910s , as major filmmakers like D. W. Griffith looked to escape the cost of Edison ’s patents on camera equipment , this began to change .
In this situation , higher interest rates from government borrowing would be largely offset by lower interest rates from expansionary monetary policy , and there would be little crowding out of private investment .
This finding persists across all diseases with few exceptions , continues throughout the entire lifespan , and extends across numerous risk factors for disease . ”
4589 .
Taste ( gustation ) and smell ( olfaction ) are called chemical senses because both have sensory receptors that respond to molecules in the food we eat or in the air we breathe .
860 .
The purpose of the concept was to identify important locations on the planet for conservation efforts , a kind of conservation triage .
As rain falls through this gas , it creates the phenomenon known as acid rain .
6211 .
The Articles of Confederation made no provision for an executive branch , although they did use the term “ president ” to designate the presiding officer of the Confederation Congress , who also handled other administrative duties . Articles of Confederation , Article XI , 1781 .
Plant secretions promote the development of microorganisms around the root , in an area known as the rhizosphere .
6860 .
Secondary sexual characteristics are physical signs of sexual maturation that do not directly involve sex organs , such as development of breasts and hips in girls , and development of facial hair and a deepened voice in boys .
Young children put objects in their mouths to see if the items are edible , and once they can grasp objects , they may shake or bang them to see if they make sounds .
Chemiosmosis , a process of ATP production in cellular metabolism , is used to generate 90 percent of the ATP made during glucose catabolism and is also the method used in the light reactions of photosynthesis to harness the energy of sunlight .
This section briefly describes the structure and function of neurons .
3237 .
2490 .
Thermal expansion joints like these in the Auckland Harbour Bridge in New Zealand allow bridges to change length without buckling .
Political scientist E. E. Schattschneider noted that “ the flaw in the pluralist heaven is that the heavenly chorus sings with a strong upperclass accent . ”
721 .
1087 .
6960 .
1936 .
The Jesuits were members of the Society of Jesus , an elite religious order founded in the 1540s to spread Catholicism and combat the spread of Protestantism .
180 .
Magic numbers indicate a shell structure for the nucleus in which closed shells are more stable .
The binding of RBPs to these regions can increase or decrease the stability of an RNA molecule , depending on the specific RBP that binds .
6739 .
It is also based partly in physics and treats broad classes of phenomena from many disciplines .
Is there a useful physical quantity related to how “ effective ” a given device is ?
These certificates or degrees serve as a symbol of what a person has achieved , and allows the labeling of that individual .
Many social structures are extremely stable or have gradually progressed over time rather than changing abruptly as conflict theory would suggest .
The First Amendment of the Constitution gives Americans the right to express their opinions on matters of concern to them ; the federal government can not interfere with this right .
These expressions are the law of conservation of angular momentum .
A number of endocrine glands release hormones when stimulated by hormones released by other endocrine glands .
To build a useful macroeconomic model , we need a model that shows what determines total supply or total demand for the economy , and how total demand and total supply interact at the macroeconomic level .
“ Excise tax , ” https://www.irs.gov/Businesses/Small-Businesses-&-Self-Employed/Excise-Tax ( March 1 , 2016 ) .
2672 .
The dorsal hollow nerve cord derives from ectoderm that rolls into a hollow tube during development .
6480 .
In one study , a group of participants was shown a series of printed line segments of different lengths : a , b , and c ( [ link ] ) .
Not only do ferromagnetic materials respond strongly to magnets ( the way iron is attracted to magnets ) , they can also be magnetized themselves — that is , they can be induced to be magnetic or made into permanent magnets .
Improved technology and the development of social media have made it easier for smaller groups to form and to attract and communicate with members .
But as long as voters felt they were benefiting from the bureaucratic expansion , as they typically did , the political winds supported continued growth .
2333 .
1449 .
The Dominion included all the New England colonies ( Massachusetts , New Hampshire , Plymouth , Connecticut , New Haven , and Rhode Island ) and in 1688 was enlarged by the addition of New York and New Jersey .
4565 .
4985 .
Jackson ’s veto of the bank and his Specie Circular helped galvanize opposition forces into a new political party , the Whigs , a faction that began to form in 1834 .
A parasomnia is one of a group of sleep disorders in which unwanted , disruptive motor activity and/or experiences during sleep play a role .
2027 .
5946 .
In the 1964 New York Times v. Sullivan case , the Supreme Court decided that public figures needed to demonstrate not only that a negative press statement about them was untrue but also that the statement was published or made with either malicious intent or “ reckless disregard ” for the truth . New York Times v. Sullivan , 376 U.S. 254 ( 1964 ) .
Thus , even if we start at Yp , if AD falls , then we find ourselves in what Keynes termed a recessionary gap .
When a firm looks at its total costs of production in the short run , a useful starting point is to divide total costs into two categories : fixed costs that can not be changed in the short run and variable costs that can be changed . Fixed and Variable Costs
This situation is called diseconomies of scale .
3986 .
Aubrey Williams , the director of the NYA , hired more black administrators than any other federal agency , and appointed them to oversee projects throughout the country .
1609 .
5028 .
6997 .
The U.S. economy has two main sources for financial capital : private savings from inside the U.S. economy and public savings .
Blood is actually a term used to describe the liquid that moves through the vessels and includes plasma ( the liquid portion , which contains water , proteins , salts , lipids , and glucose ) and the cells ( red and white cells ) and cell fragments called platelets .
6815 .
In this section , you will learn about the work organizational psychologists have done to understand job satisfaction , different styles of management , different styles of leadership , organizational culture , and teamwork .
First Postulate of Special Relativity
The equilibrium price is the only price where the plans of consumers and the plans of producers agree — that is , where the amount of the product consumers want to buy ( quantity demanded ) is equal to the amount producers want to sell ( quantity supplied ) .
5500 .
Sherbert v. Verner , 374 U.S. 398 ( 1963 ) .
120 .
Unlike short - term memory , the storage capacity of LTM has no limits .
Critics have argued that the Patriot Act has largely been used to prosecute ordinary criminals , in particular drug dealers , rather than terrorists as intended .
Conversely , a monetary policy that raises interest rates and reduces borrowing in the economy is a contractionary monetary policy or tight monetary policy .
7025 .
The hypothalamus regulates a number of homeostatic processes , including the regulation of body temperature , appetite , and blood pressure .
An olfactory receptor , which is a dendrite of a specialized neuron , responds when it binds certain molecules inhaled from the environment by sending impulses directly to the olfactory bulb of the brain .
Deception involves purposely misleading experiment participants in order to maintain the integrity of the experiment , but not to the point where the deception could be considered harmful .
Retrograde amnesia is loss of memory for events that occurred prior to the trauma .
High congruence leads to a greater sense of self - worth and a healthy , productive life . 3917 .
The developing diploid zygospores have thick coats that protect them from desiccation and other hazards .
This is known as the just noticeable difference ( jnd ) or difference threshold .
The Voting Rights Act proved to have much more immediate and dramatic effect than the laws that preceded it ; what had been a fairly slow process of improving voter registration and participation was replaced by a rapid increase of black voter registration rates — although white registration rates increased over this period as well .
They talk with the legislators who are writing the legislation and suggest alternative wording .
The two systems have complementary functions , operating in tandem to maintain the body ’s homeostasis .
5866 .
The last layer is the pia mater ( Latin for “ soft mother ” ) , which directly contacts and covers the brain and spinal cord like plastic wrap .
They use the term impairment to describe the physical limitations , while reserving the term disability to refer to the social limitation .
A dependent variable is what the researcher measures to see how much effect the independent variable had .
Occupational licenses are also used to establish quality in the labor market .
However , in many cases these upper limits are well above the market interest rate .
On September 13 , 1848 , Gage ( age 25 ) was working as a railroad foreman in Vermont .
In March of 2010 , President Obama signed into law the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ( PPACA ) .
3206 .
Other secondary groups , like a workplace or a classroom , also have formal leaders , but the styles and functions of leadership can vary significantly .
ACh is broken down by the enzyme acetylcholinesterase ( AChE ) into acetyl and choline .
A spatial pattern of gene expression reorganizes the mesoderm into groups of cells called somites with spaces between them .
World War II further hindered international trade .
4532 .
Finally , product differentiation may occur in the minds of buyers .
After blood passes through the pulmonary arteries , the right semilunar valves close preventing the blood from flowing backwards into the right ventricle .
3649 .
5412 .
This horizon is typically darkly colored because of the presence of organic matter .
3067 .
Early deliberations produced agreement that the executive would be a single person , elected for a single term of seven years by the legislature , empowered to veto legislation , and subject to impeachment and removal by the legislature .
New York : Harper & Row , 45 .
Other extremophiles , like radioresistant organisms , do not prefer an extreme environment ( in this case , one with high levels of radiation ) , but have adapted to survive in it ( [ link ] ) .
In turn , productivity increases are the result of greater human and physical capital and technology , all interacting in a market - driven economy .
One such person was Gregory Lee Johnson , a member of various pro - communist and antiwar groups .
The Liberty Loan Act allowed the federal government to sell liberty bonds to the American public , extolling citizens to “ do their part ” to help the war effort and bring the troops home .
4031 .
146 .
Some seeds require vernalization ( cold treatment ) before they can germinate .
Cellular processes such as the building and breaking down of complex molecules occur through stepwise chemical reactions .
In other words , different species can not coexist in a community if they are competing for all the same resources .
Essentially , the Supreme Court argued in a 5 – 4 decision that these entities had free speech rights , much like individuals , and that free speech included campaign spending .
6196 .
3592 .
The plan was to develop different strategies , tactics , and even military capabilities to respond more appropriately to small or medium - sized insurgencies , and political or diplomatic crises .
5283 .
Jeff Zeleny , “ Lose the BlackBerry ?
3584 .
For example , the length of a race , which is a physical quantity , can be expressed in units of meters ( for sprinters ) or kilometers ( for distance runners ) .
Range is related to several factors , including the energy of the radiation , the material encountered , and the type of radiation ( see [ link ] ) .
1943 .
The original theory rested on the assumption that new cultures could arise with the influx of settlers from different parts of the world ; however , since immigration patterns have changed over time , it could be argued that the three cultures no longer match the country ’s current reality .
In other words , there is a greater good — more safety and security — that may be more important than sparing the life of an individual who has committed a heinous crime .
Meissner ’s corpuscles respond to pressure and lower frequency vibrations , and Pacinian corpuscles detect transient pressure and higher frequency vibrations .
The 1828 “ Coffin Handbill ” that John Quincy Adams ran , for instance , listed the names and circumstances of the executions his opponent Andrew Jackson had ordered ( [ link ] ) .
6475 .
1928 .
5901 .
A marble on a flat horizontal surface is an example .
Published by the World Health Organization ( WHO ) , the ICD was developed in Europe shortly after World War II and , like the DSM , has been revised several times .
1413 .
Voltmeters measure voltage , whereas ammeters measure current .
Scientists call such trees rooted , which means there is a single ancestral lineage ( typically drawn from the bottom or left ) to which all organisms represented in the diagram relate .
3840 .
Once elongation is complete , the pre - mRNA is cleaved by an endonuclease between an AAUAAA consensus sequence and a GU - rich sequence , leaving the AAUAAA sequence on the pre - mRNA .
An individual with an error in chromosome number is described as aneuploid , a term that includes monosomy ( loss of one chromosome ) or trisomy ( gain of an extraneous chromosome ) .
Nucleic acid samples , such as fragmented genomic DNA and RNA extracts , can be probed for the presence of certain sequences .
5435 .
6335 .
The reticular formation is centered in the midbrain , but it actually extends up into the forebrain and down into the hindbrain .
Multiple , full - length RNA strands of negative polarity ( complimentary to the positive - stranded genomic RNA ) are formed from these intermediates , which may then serve as templates for the production of RNA with positive polarity , including both full - length genomic RNA and shorter viral mRNAs .
5391 .
The cochlea is a whorled structure , like the shell of a snail , and it contains receptors for transduction of the mechanical wave into an electrical signal ( as illustrated in [ link ] ) .
610 .
When the price of gasoline rises , for example , it encourages profit - seeking firms to take several actions : expand exploration for oil reserves ; drill for more oil ; invest in more pipelines and oil tankers to bring the oil to plants where it can be refined into gasoline ; build new oil refineries ; purchase additional pipelines and trucks to ship the gasoline to gas stations ; and open more gas stations or keep existing gas stations open longer hours .
Based on these observations , Masters and Johnson divided the sexual response cycle into four phases that are fairly similar in men and women : excitement , plateau , orgasm , and resolution ( [ link ] ) .
People in this culture interact with the government in the same manner they would interact with a marketplace .
For example , you would use recall for an essay test .
In the 1960s , President Lyndon Johnson ’s administration expanded the national government ’s role in society even more .
Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 makes it illegal to treat individuals unfavorably because of their race or color of their skin : An employer can not discriminate based on skin color , hair texture , or other immutable characteristics , which are traits of an individual that are fundamental to her identity , in hiring , benefits , promotions , or termination of employees .
Eric Lichtblau , “ Crimes Against Muslim Americans and Mosques Rise Sharply , ” New York Times , 17 December 2015 . http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/18/us/politics/crimes-against-muslim-americans-and-mosques-rise-sharply.html?_r=0 .
In a well - designed experimental study , the independent variable is the only important difference between the experimental and control groups .
A natural monopoly arises when average costs are declining over the range of production that satisfies market demand .
6162 .
Live vaccines are usually made by attenuating ( weakening ) the “ wild - type ” ( disease - causing ) virus by growing it in the laboratory in tissues or at temperatures different from what the virus is accustomed to in the host .
1687 .
According to the National Institutes of Health ( [ NIH ] , 2013 ) , routine prenatal care is important because it can reduce the risk of complications to the mother and fetus during pregnancy .
4579 .
The media use public opinion polls to decide which candidates are ahead of the others and therefore of interest to voters and worthy of interview .
Electrons and ions in insulators are bound in the structure and can not move easily — as much as 10231023 size 12 { " 10 " rSup { size 8 { " 23 " } } } { } times more slowly than in conductors . 2942 .
3241 .
Lexicon refers to the words of a given language .
Retinoblastoma proteins are a group of tumor - suppressor proteins common in many cells .
It articulates with the scapula at the shoulder and with the forearm at the elbow .
3713 .
What are the major characteristics of the universe as we know them today ?
Copyright Office .
The great economist Milton Friedman ( 1912 – 2006 ) summed up the neoclassical view of the long - term Phillips curve tradeoff in a 1967 speech : “ [ T ] here is always a temporary trade - off between inflation and unemployment ; there is no permanent trade - off . ”
If a firm builds a factory or buys a piece of equipment , the firm receives all the economic benefits that result from the investments .
To gain attention for his policies , specifically the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act ( ARRA ) , Obama began traveling the United States to draw the media away from Congress and encourage discussion of his economic stimulus package .
980 .
129 .
Transversion substitution refers to a purine being replaced by a pyrimidine , or vice versa ; for example , cytosine , a pyrimidine , is replaced by adenine , a purine .
The allantois stores nitrogenous wastes produced by the embryo and also facilitates respiration .
One of the unique and challenging aspects of global affairs is the fact that no world - level authority exists to mandate when and how the world ’s nations interact .
1075 .
It broke new ground and opened the doors for sociologists , social workers , health practitioners , and therapists to study death and help those who were facing death .
This capillary network is a part of the hypophyseal portal system that carries substances from the hypothalamus to the anterior pituitary and hormones from the anterior pituitary into the circulatory system .
They make imports more expensive for consumers , discouraging imports .
3950 .
There is a negative feedback ( one in which a change produces an effect that opposes that change ) between clouds and heat transfer ; greater temperatures evaporate more water to form more clouds , which reflect more radiation back into space , reducing the temperature .
Finally , the karyotype can pinpoint translocations , which occur when a segment of genetic material breaks from one chromosome and reattaches to another chromosome or to a different part of the same chromosome .
[ link ] shows one of the simpler methods of imaging the concentration of nuclear activity , employing a device called an Anger camera or gamma camera .
3431 .
A farsighted eye does not converge sufficient rays from a close object to make the rays meet on the retina .
Increasingly prominent in the discussion of new media and feminism is cyberfeminism , the application to , and promotion of , feminism online .
Regulators have struggled for decades to measure the degree of monopoly power in an industry .
2243 .
These nuclei possess their own small magnetic fields , similar to those of electrons and the current loops discussed earlier in this chapter .
2668 .
In plants , photosynthesis generally takes place in leaves , which consist of several layers of cells .
3626 .
Most animals and plants are diploid , containing two sets of chromosomes .
On the inside of the kidney , the renal pelvis branches out into two or three extensions called the major calyces , which further branch into the minor calyces .
For government , this process often involves trying to identify where additional spending could do the most good and where reductions in spending would do the least harm .
5331 .
He would eventually become one of the world ’s foremost experts in the study of stress ( [ link ] ) .
Diploid organisms that are homozygous at a given gene , or locus , have two identical alleles for that gene on their homologous chromosomes .
In the light - dependent reactions , energy from sunlight is absorbed by chlorophyll and that energy is converted into stored chemical energy .
The national saving and investment identity provides a useful way to understand the determinants of the trade and current account balance .
3211 .
( credit : Matt Popovich )
Colorful personalities , strange comments , lapse of memories , and embarrassing revelations are more likely to get air time than the candidates ’ issue positions .
All three curves on the phase diagram meet at a single point , the triple point , where all three phases exist in equilibrium .
5574 .
Australian marsupials include the kangaroo , koala , bandicoot , Tasmanian devil ( [ link ] ) , and several other species .
This concept , called relative fitness , allows researchers to determine which individuals are contributing additional offspring to the next generation , and thus , how the population might evolve .
With respect to entropy , there are only two possibilities : entropy is constant for a reversible process , and it increases for an irreversible process .
3076 .
6630 .
State and local governments became partners in their implementation and also came to rely on the financial support they received from the federal government in the form of program grants . Michael Schuyler .
The amygdala is involved in our experience of emotion and in tying emotional meaning to our memories .
This act , Department of Defense Directive 1304.26 , officially prohibited discrimination against suspected gays , lesbians , and bisexuals by the U.S. military .
Foreign trade in goods and services typically involves incurring the costs of production in one currency while receiving revenues from sales in another currency .
Procedural justice refers to the fairness of the processes by which outcomes are determined in conflicts with or among employees .
1947 .
According to the Honest Leadership and Open Government Act , lobbyists must certify that they have not violated the law regarding gift giving , and the penalty for knowingly violating the law increased from a fine of $ 50,000 to one of $ 200,000 .
The national saving and investment identity teaches that the rest of the economy can absorb this inflow of foreign financial capital in several different ways .
Animals with three tissue layers are called triploblasts .
Generally , the survey itself can be completed in a short time , and the ease of administering a survey makes it easy to collect data from a large number of people .
252 .
2492 .
It is hard to tell people who are living in a low - income country , where adequate diet , health care , and education are lacking , that they should sacrifice an improved quality of life for a cleaner environment .
5885 .
2975 .
Interest groups can amplify the voices of such individuals through proper organization and allow them to participate in ways that would be less effective or even impossible alone or in small numbers .
If Mexico , instead , produces more shoes and then trades for refrigerators made in the United States , where the opportunity cost of producing refrigerators is lower , Mexico can in effect take advantage of the lower opportunity cost of refrigerators in the United States .
Using the foot - in - the - door technique , the persuader gets a person to agree to bestow a small favor or to buy a small item , only to later request a larger favor or purchase of a bigger item .
The APA is a professional association in the United States for clinical and research psychologists .
Another Treg class suppresses immune responses to harmful pathogens after the infection has cleared to minimize host cell damage induced by inflammation and cell lysis .
” The study of economics is neither politically conservative , nor moderate , nor liberal .
5599 .
222 .
3806 .
The force field carries the force to another object ( called a test object ) some distance away .
A group of economists at the International Comparison Program , run by the World Bank , have calculated the PPP exchange rate for all countries , based on detailed studies of the prices and quantities of internationally tradable goods .
Wilson then turned to support rebel forces who opposed Carranza , most notably Pancho Villa ( [ link ] ) .
All proteins are made up of different arrangements of the same 20 types of amino acids .
A caste system is one in which people are born into their social standing and will remain in it their whole lives .
Because of this , they are determining factors in the amount of phytoplankton growth in lakes and ponds .
5733 .
4168 .
3506 .
United States v. Cruickshank , 92 U.S. 542 ( 1876 ) .
The people of the states would elect the members of the lower house , whose numbers would be determined by the population of the state .
When economists talk about supply , they mean the amount of some good or service a producer is willing to supply at each price .
How does the body regulate blood flow ?
The ability to veto legislation is just one of the formal powers governors have at their disposal .
Cycads bear large cones ( [ link ] ) , and may be pollinated by beetles rather than wind : unusual for a gymnosperm . 911 .
The Hall effect .
It also allowed individual states to choose whether or not they recognized same - sex marriages performed in other states .
7 " cm " } { } , and he or she must estimate the value of the last digit .
When someone has a combination of alleles for a given gene , they are said to be heterozygous .
820 .
Keyssar , 114 – 115 .
1443 .
It is critical for classical conditioning and for attaching emotional value to learning processes and memory .
It is helpful to understand aging in the context of these phases .
The ability of radio waves to penetrate salt water is related to their wavelength ( much like ultrasound penetrating tissue ) — the longer the wavelength , the farther they penetrate .
A firm ( or business ) combines inputs of labor , capital , land , and raw or finished component materials to produce outputs .
3770 .
Together , these two fertilization events in angiosperms are known as double fertilization ( [ link ] ) .
For example , the mouse thymidine kinase promoter also has a conserved CAAT box ( GGCCAATCT ) at approximately -80 .
Some was invested in private companies or loaned to government agencies that wanted to borrow money to raise funds for purposes like building roads or mass transit .
The law of demand assumes that all other variables that affect demand ( to be explained in the next module ) are held constant .
In facilitated transport , also called facilitated diffusion , materials diffuse across the plasma membrane with the help of membrane proteins .
Depending on the inheritance patterns of a disease - causing gene , family members are advised to undergo genetic testing .
3167 .
Ramps on sidewalks , Braille instructions , and more accessible door levers are all accommodations to help people with disabilities . People with disabilities can be stigmatized by their illnesses .
171 .
Plants that lack vascular tissue , which is formed of specialized cells for the transport of water and nutrients , are referred to as non - vascular plants .
Economists have a term to describe the remaining level of unemployment that occurs even when the economy is healthy : it is called the natural rate of unemployment .
Foods high in lipids take a long time to digest .
One important phenomenon related to the relative strength of cohesive and adhesive forces is capillary action — the tendency of a fluid to be raised or suppressed in a narrow tube , or capillary tube .
An operational definition is a description of how we will measure our variables , and it is important in allowing others understand exactly how and what a researcher measures in a particular experiment .
The pelvic girdle is further strengthened by two large hip bones .
Though insertion of three nucleotides caused an extra amino acid to be inserted during translation , the integrity of the rest of the protein was maintained .
4701 .
Domestic savings will always appear as part of the supply of financial capital and domestic investment will always appear as part of the demand for financial capital .
In this stage , there is a sexual reawakening as the incestuous urges resurface .
1872 .
According to the DSM-5 , a manic episode is characterized as a “ distinct period of abnormally and persistently elevated , expansive , or irritable mood and abnormally and persistently increased activity or energy lasting at least one week , ” that lasts most of the time each day ( APA , 2013 , p. 124 ) .
The right hand rule 2 ( RHR-2 ) emerges from this exploration and is valid for any current segment — point the thumb in the direction of the current , and the fingers curl in the direction of the magnetic field loops created by it .
All sales of the final goods and services that make up GDP will eventually end up as income for workers , for managers , and for investors and owners of firms .
Asexual reproduction produces offspring that are genetically identical to the parent because the offspring are all clones of the original parent .
It attaches to the end of the chromosome , and complementary bases to the RNA template are added on the 3 ' end of the DNA strand .
They represented the Democratic Party in the South and worked tirelessly to end what they saw as an era of “ negro misrule . ”
At the Seneca Falls Convention , Stanton wrote the Declaration of Sentiments , which was modeled after the Declaration of Independence and proclaimed women were equal to men and deserved the same rights .
Heterosexuals and homosexuals may also be referred to informally as “ straight ” and “ gay , ” respectively .
1208 .
5484 .
During this period , the Roman Church became the most powerful international organization in western Europe .
New York : Routledge .
A product whose demand falls when income rises , and vice versa , is called an inferior good .
For example , Patsy Mink ( D - HI ) ( [ link ] ) , the first Asian American woman elected to Congress , was the coauthor of the Education Amendments Act of 1972 , Title IX of which prohibits sex discrimination in education .
Water moves from one tracheid to another through regions on the side walls known as pits , where secondary walls are absent .
7017 .
762 .
The process of attaching biological information to gene sequences is called genome annotation .
The Higher Education Act , signed into law the same year , provided scholarships and low - interest loans for the poor , increased federal funding for colleges and universities , and created a corps of teachers to serve schools in impoverished areas .
The basic sequencing technique used in all modern day sequencing projects is the chain termination method ( also known as the dideoxy method ) , which was developed by Fred Sanger in the 1970s .
5042 .
Jason Scott - Sheets , “ Public financing is available for presidential candidates . So what ’s not to like about free money ? ” 14 April 2016 , http://www.opensecrets.org/news/2016/04/public-financing-is-available-for-presidential-candidates-so-whats-not-to-like-about-free-money/ .
The eIF-2 protein is active when it binds to the high - energy molecule guanosine triphosphate ( GTP ) .
Note that they are perpendicular to one another and to the direction of propagation , making this a transverse wave .
2601 .
479 .
3376 .
These are just a few cases , but each offers a different lesson .
Delusions are beliefs that are contrary to reality and are firmly held even in the face of contradictory evidence .
6718 .
Scientific knowledge is advanced through a process known as the scientific method .
One key figure in the NYA was Mary McLeod Bethune ( [ link ] ) , a prominent African American educator tapped by Roosevelt to act as the director of the NYA ’s Division of Negro Affairs .
Loudness is measured in terms of decibels ( dB ) , a logarithmic unit of sound intensity .
2995 .
A lot of basic research is performed in model organisms because the information can be applied to genetically similar organisms .
6968 .
A fixed and unchanging basket of goods assumes that consumers are locked into buying exactly the same goods , regardless of price changes — not a very likely assumption .
4588 .
The primary group is usually fairly small and is made up of individuals who generally engage face - to - face in long - term emotional ways .
5237 .
We refer to these domains throughout the chapter .
A private company can be run by individuals , in which case it is called a sole proprietorship , or it can be run by a group , in which case it is a partnership .
See [ link ] .
Bladder pressure climbs steadily from zero to about 25 mm Hg as the bladder fills to its normal capacity of 500 cm 3500 cm3 size 12 { " 500 " ` " cm " rSup { size 8 { 3 } } } { } .
The medulla consists of multiple pyramidal tissue masses , called the renal pyramids .
The classic model of bureaucracy is typically called the ideal Weberian model , and it was developed by Max Weber , an early German sociologist .
This is known as the just noticeable difference ( jnd ) or difference threshold .
Specific heat is defined as the amount of heat one gram of a substance must absorb or lose to change its temperature by one degree Celsius .
In the end , no such weapons were ever found .
Zoology and botany are the study of animals and plants , respectively .
The Seventh Amendment deals with the rights of those engaged in civil disputes ; as noted earlier , these are disagreements between individuals or businesses in which people are typically seeking compensation for some harm caused .
Phagocytic cells then digest the cell debris left behind .
The variant may be recessive or dominant to the wild - type allele .
Renin acts on angiotensinogen , which is made in the liver and converts it to angiotensin I. Angiotensin converting enzyme ( ACE ) converts angiotensin I to angiotensin II .
5282 .
Its fan - shaped leaves — unique among seed plants because they feature a dichotomous venation pattern — turn yellow in autumn and fall from the tree .
Anti - dumping laws block imports that are sold below the cost of production by imposing tariffs that increase the price of these imports to reflect their cost of production .
Erikson ’s psychosocial development theory emphasizes the social nature of our development rather than its sexual nature .
3777 .
Psychoactive drugs can act as agonists or antagonists for a given neurotransmitter system .
The bond has a maturity date when the borrower will pay back its face value as well as its last interest payment .
The cells , called chondrocytes , make the matrix and fibers of the tissue .
Superconductors are materials with a resistivity of zero .
Feminist sociologist Patricia Hill Collins ( 1990 ) developed intersection theory , which suggests we can not separate the effects of race , class , gender , sexual orientation , and other attributes .
6076 .
Group polarization ( Teger & Pruitt , 1967 ) is the strengthening of an original group attitude after the discussion of views within a group .
5530 .
For these viruses , attachment is a requirement for later penetration of the cell membrane , so they can complete their replication inside the cell .
6128 .
274 .
3021 .
In effect , command - and - control regulation requires that firms increase their costs by installing anti - pollution equipment ; firms are thus required to take the social costs of pollution into account .
The plasma component of blood without the coagulation factors is called the serum .
149 .
The National Security Act governs the way the government shares and stores information , while the Patriot Act ( passed immediately after 9/11 ) clarifies what the government may do in collecting information about people in the name of protecting the country .
6423 .
The vast majority of present - day fishes belong to this group , which consists of approximately 30,000 species , making it the largest class of vertebrates in existence today .
3093 .
31 .
The mRNA product is complementary to the template strand and is almost identical to the other DNA strand , called the nontemplate strand .
The Occupy Movement believed the recession was caused by a failure of the government to properly regulate the banking industry .
2423 .
The identification of umami as a fundamental taste occurred fairly recently — it was identified in 1908 by Japanese scientist Kikunae Ikeda while he worked with seaweed broth , but it was not widely accepted as a taste that could be physiologically distinguished until many years later .
3816 .
Black Power was also part of a much larger process of cultural change .
Chloroplasts are plant cell organelles that carry out photosynthesis .
The final draft of the Articles of Confederation , which formed the basis of the new nation ’s government , was accepted by Congress in November 1777 and submitted to the states for ratification .
1830 .
Alternatively , a financial investor might buy a share of stock in Wal - Mart for $ 45 and then later sell that share of stock to someone else for $ 60 , for a gain of $ 15 .
5508 .
In the United States , people applaud the rags - to - riches achievements of celebrities like Jennifer Lopez or Michael Jordan .
In communications , it is used to transmit telephone , internet , and cable TV signals .
5441 .
Pavlov ( 1849 – 1936 ) , a Russian scientist , performed extensive research on dogs and is best known for his experiments in classical conditioning ( [ link ] ) .
James Monroe used his annual message in 1823 to declare that the United States would consider it an intolerable act of aggression for European powers to intervene in the affairs of the nations of the Western Hemisphere .
Postindustrial SocietyInformation societies , sometimes known as postindustrial or digital societies , are a recent development .
4955 .
2978 .
Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka , 347 U.S. 483 ( 1954 ) .
Although the text of the provision does not mention rights specifically , the courts have held in a series of cases that it indicates there are certain fundamental liberties that can not be denied by the states .
4771 .
In 1960 , political scientist Angus Campbell proposed the surge - and - decline theory to explain these patterns . Angus Campbell .
1156 .
That decision was overturned in 2003 in Lawrence v. Texas , which invalidated state laws that criminalized sodomy . Lawrence v. Texas , 539 U.S. 558 ( 2003 ) .
Most leaves have a midrib , which travels the length of the leaf and branches to each side to produce veins of vascular tissue .
Gender dysphoria is a diagnostic category in the fifth edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders ( DSM-5 ) that describes individuals who do not identify as the gender that most people would assume they are .
1414 .
The archenteron develops into the alimentary canal , and a mouth opening is formed by invagination of ectoderm at the pole opposite the blastopore of the gastrula .
Labor is treated as a variable cost , since producing a greater quantity of a good or service typically requires more workers or more work hours .
The idea was that if losses occurred on these mortgage - backed securities , certain investors would agree to take the first , say , 5 % of such losses .
3628 .
White Georgians , however , refused to abide by the Court ’s decision , and President Andrew Jackson , a former Indian fighter , refused to enforce it . Francis Paul Prucha .
761 .
Examples of some neutral atoms and their electron configurations are shown in [ link ] .
For example , the wealth and prestige experienced by one person may be quite different from that of his or her siblings .
In addition to instructing the addition of a specific amino acid to a polypeptide chain , three of the 64 codons terminate protein synthesis and release the polypeptide from the translation machinery .
Are fewer people today active in politics than in the past ?
The concave lens is a diverging lens , because it causes the light rays to bend away ( diverge ) from its axis .
A private company can also be a corporation , but with no publicly issued stock .
6032 .
1372 .
In a 2015 poll , 53 percent of respondents disapproved of the act , a 9-percent increase from five years before .
A group of people who live in a defined geographic area , who interact with one another , and who share a common culture is what sociologists call a society .
148 .
1879 .
According to a report from the Henry J. Kaiser Foundation ( 2007 ) , African Americans also have higher incidence of several other diseases and causes of mortality , from cancer to heart disease to diabetes .
The railroads with steam locomotives offered a new mode of transportation that fascinated citizens , buoying their optimistic view of the possibilities of technological progress .
Many states have tried to address this problem with early voting , which opens polling places as much as two weeks early .
A total institution is one in which inmates or military soldiers live a controlled lifestyle and in which total resocialization takes place .
1256 .
——— .
But José , like all of us , faces a budget constraint .
In other sponges , ostia are formed by folds in the body wall of the sponge . Choanocytes ( “ collar cells ” ) are present at various locations , depending on the type of sponge , but they always line the inner portions of some space through which water flows ( the spongocoel in simple sponges , canals within the body wall in more complex sponges , and chambers scattered throughout the body in the most complex sponges ) .
The preeminent example was the Erie Canal ( [ link ] ) , which linked the Hudson River , and thus New York City and the Atlantic seaboard , to the Great Lakes and the Mississippi River Valley .
Access of glucose to the cell can be regulated using the GLUT proteins that transport glucose ( [ link ] ) .
The name derives from the word ecdysis , which refers to the shedding , or molting , of the exoskeleton .
The original court in 1789 had six justices , but Congress set the number at nine in 1869 , and it has remained there ever since .
The group 18 atoms helium ( He ) , neon ( Ne ) , and argon ( Ar ) all have filled outer electron shells , making it unnecessary for them to share electrons with other atoms to attain stability ; they are highly stable as single atoms .
We can therefore learn about nuclear forces by examining how tightly bound the nuclei are .
If the posterior pituitary does not release enough ADH , water can not be retained by the kidneys and is lost as urine .
In contrast , non - polar molecules such as oils and fats do not interact well with water , as shown in [ link ] and separate from it rather than dissolve in it , as we see in salad dressings containing oil and vinegar ( an acidic water solution ) .
The proton , neutron , and the pions are examples of hadrons .
“ Court Case Abstracts , ” http://www.fec.gov/law/litigation_CCA_W.shtml ( November 12 , 2015 ) ; Davis v. Federal Election Commission , 554 U.S. 724 ( 2008 ) .
4978 .
In each psychosexual stage of development , the child ’s pleasure - seeking urges , coming from the i d , are focused on a different area of the body , called an erogenous zone .
4836 .
1528 .
This resistance to blood flow is called peripheral resistance .
In parabasalids , these structures function anaerobically and are called hydrogenosomes because they produce hydrogen gas as a byproduct .
What contributes to this advantage and often persuades competent challengers not to run ?
4299 .
The macrostates of a gas correspond to its macroscopic properties , such as volume , temperature , and pressure ; and its microstates correspond to the detailed description of the positions and velocities of its atoms .
6037 .
The ureters are urine - bearing tubes that exit the kidney and empty into the urinary bladder .
691 .
Phylum ChordataAnimals in the phylum Chordata share four key features that appear at some stage of their development : a notochord , a dorsal hollow nerve cord , pharyngeal slits , and a post - anal tail .
793 .
For water , this amount is one calorie .
3310 .
A classic example of this is the short circuit , a low - resistance path between terminals of a voltage source .
Also reporting to the president in the White House is the director of the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) .
Also , the government is not a household for many reasons , one of which is that the government has macroeconomic responsibilities .
Other individuals might voluntarily seek treatment .
However , all countries should prefer to make a choice that shows productive efficiency — that is , the choice is somewhere on the production possibility frontier rather than inside it .
The stem region between two nodes is called an internode .
2226 .
Reducing the first 10 pounds of particulate emissions costs the firm $ 300 .
His Connecticut Compromise , also known as the Great Compromise , outlined a different bicameral legislature in which the upper house , the Senate , would have equal representation for all states ; each state would be represented by two senators chosen by the state legislatures .
A major proponent of such conditioning was psychologist B.F. Skinner , the inventor of the Skinner box .
1914 .
Many of us hold beliefs that some would consider odd , but a delusion is easily identified because it is clearly absurd .
( See [ link ] . )
The -10 consensus sequence , called the -10 region , is TATAAT .
It also contains the hippocampus ( Greek for “ seahorse ” ) — a structure that processes memory formation .
Another technique used by your brain to organize information is the identification of prototypes for the concepts you have developed .
Unlike the phospholipids and fats discussed earlier , steroids have a fused ring structure .
In 1979 , an exemption was granted to get - out - the vote and grassroots voter registration drives , creating what has become known as the soft - money loophole ; soft money was a way in which interests could spend money on behalf of candidates without being restricted by federal law .
In a number of cases , they have expressed reluctance to expand rights without limit , and they still balance that expansion with the government ’s need to govern , provide for the common good , and serve a broader societal purpose .
During the recession of 2001 , for example , a tax cut was enacted into law .
Social support can take many forms , including advice , guidance , encouragement , acceptance , emotional comfort , and tangible assistance ( such as financial help ) .
Executive Order 9066 , signed by Roosevelt on February 19 , 1942 , gave the army power to remove people from “ military areas ” to prevent sabotage or espionage .
Indeed , some scientists spend their entire careers studying just 10 – 20 individuals .
Proponents believe that open disagreements allow democracy to flourish and darkness allows corruption to occur .
In addition to macronutrients , organisms require various elements in small amounts .
The person might ramble , exhibit loose associations ( jump from topic to topic ) , or talk in a way that is so disorganized and incomprehensible that it seems as though the person is randomly combining words .
With a private good like pizza , if Max is eating the pizza then Michelle can not also eat it ; that is , the two people are rivals in consumption . 4616 .
4491 .
Climate refers to the long - term , predictable atmospheric conditions of a specific area .
The federal government has a few other , smaller sources of revenue .
439 .
Sounds below 20 Hz are called infrasound , whereas those above 20,000 Hz are ultrasound .
He also famously used a unilateral proclamation to issue the Emancipation Proclamation , which cited the military necessity of declaring millions of slaves in Confederate - controlled territory to be free .
Caucuses are less expensive than primaries because they rely on voting methods such as dropping marbles in a jar , placing names in a hat , standing under a sign bearing the candidate ’s name , or taking a voice vote .
2971 .
3412 .
[ link ] shows a theoretical Phillips curve , and the following Work It Out feature shows how the pattern appears for the United States .
2341 .
( See [ link ] . )
Martin Van Buren , who defended the Eatons and organized social gatherings with them , became close to Jackson , who came to rely on a group of informal advisers that included Van Buren and was dubbed the Kitchen Cabinet .
For this reason , researchers using this approach typically recruit many participants fully expecting that a substantial number will drop out before the end .
The sensitivity of a given sensory system to the relevant stimuli can be expressed as an absolute threshold .
In Federalist No .
3502 .
Bioremediation has been used to remove agricultural chemicals ( pesticides , fertilizers ) that leach from soil into groundwater and the subsurface .
5941 .
Hospice is a type of healthcare that treats terminally ill people when “ cure - oriented treatments ” are no longer an option ( Hospice Foundation of America 2012b ) .
1587 .
3253 .
A second object ( often called a test object ) placed in this field will experience a force that is a function of location and other variables .
The Proclamation Line aimed to forestall further conflict on the frontier , the clear flashpoint of tension in British North America .
The study of the function of proteomes is called proteomics .
4105 .
Migration is the long - range seasonal movement of animals .
5489 .
Like transcription , translation is controlled by proteins that bind and initiate the process .
Over time , the varied demands of their new lifestyles lead to multiple speciation events originating from a single species .
More than 10,000 species of mosses have been catalogued .
South Carolina passed an Ordinance of Nullification declaring both tariff acts null and void and threatened to leave the Union .
However , in monopolistic competition , the end result of entry and exit is that firms end up with a price that lies on the downward - sloping portion of the average cost curve , not at the very bottom of the AC curve .
Serial hermaphroditism , where the gonad can switch from producing sperm to ova , may also be seen in some species .
The findings in the Coleman Report were so powerful that they brought about two major changes to education in the United States .
Sebaceous glands are located over most of the body .
The current U.S. poverty line is essentially the same as the Orshansky poverty line , although the dollar amounts are adjusted each year to represent the same buying power over time .
5231 .
But the movement laid the groundwork for the creation of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People ( NAACP ) , founded in 1909 .
Nitrification in soils is carried out by bacteria belonging to the genera Nitrosomas , Nitrobacter , and Nitrospira .
Nuclear fission is a reaction in which a nucleus is split ( or fissured ) .
6127 .
For example , M2 includes savings deposits in banks , which are bank accounts on which you can not write a check directly , but from which you can easily withdraw the money at an automatic teller machine or bank .
Geologic processes , such as weathering , erosion , water drainage , and the subduction of the continental plates , all play a role in this recycling of materials .
However , in representative governments like the United States , minority rights are protected : people can not be deprived of certain rights even if an overwhelming number of people think that they should be .
( We ’ll cover the GATT in more detail later in the chapter . )
The third column shows marginal utility , which is the additional utility provided by one additional unit of consumption .
The phylum Nematoda ( roundworms ) is an example of a pseudocoelomate .
5350 .
Collectively , these materials are called the extracellular matrix ( [ link ] ) .
The word psychology was coined at a time when the concepts of soul and mind were not as clearly distinguished ( Green , 2001 ) .
Extremely stressful or traumatic events , such as combat , natural disasters , and terrorist attacks , place the people who experience them at an increased risk for developing psychological disorders such as posttraumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) .
In most areas of psychology , this means earning a PhD in a relevant area of psychology .
In these situations , the female must be responsible for most of the parental care as the single male is not capable of providing care to that many offspring .
1425 .
Or if you are having coffee with a good friend , perhaps that question warrants a more detailed response .
There is little species diversity , low net primary productivity , and low aboveground biomass .
We have explored some forms of energy and some ways it can be transferred from one system to another .
The English scientist William Crookes , among others , continued to study what for some time were called Crookes tubes , wherein electrons are freed from atoms and molecules in the rarefied gas inside the tube and are accelerated from the cathode ( negative ) to the anode ( positive ) by the high potential .
Cognitive - behavioral therapy ( CBT ) helps clients examine how their thoughts affect their behavior .
5061 .
2545 .
First , the radiation is found to be associated with certain elements , such as uranium .
Girls experience menarche , the beginning of menstrual periods , usually around 12 – 13 years old , and boys experience spermarche , the first ejaculation , around 13 – 14 years old .
3058 .
The general rule is that all treatments to gemstones should be revealed , but often disclosure is not made .
States with simple voter registration had more registered citizens . Tova Wang and Maria Peralta .
Related to these are Golgi tendon organs , which are tension receptors that detect the force of muscle contraction .
3651 .
From the outset of the rebellion in 1861 , Lincoln ’s overriding goal had been to bring the Southern states quickly back into the fold in order to restore the Union ( [ link ] ) .
And , in 1793 , when it became important for the United States to take a stand in the evolving European conflicts between France and other European powers , especially Great Britain , Washington issued a neutrality proclamation that extended his rights as diplomat - in - chief far more broadly than had at first been conceived .
Similarly , in the human psyche , if a memory is too overwhelming to deal with , it might be repressed and thus removed from conscious awareness ( Freud , 1920 ) .
In calculating wealth all debts must be subtracted , such as debt owed on a home mortgage and on credit cards .
2346 .
2008 .
The price elasticity of demand is the percentage change in the quantity demanded of a good or service divided by the percentage change in the price .
Draw an arrow from the tail of the first vector to the head of the last vector .
As discussed above , the War Powers Resolution clarified that the first step in the use of force was the president ’s , for the first sixty days .
However , for a few goods , an increase in income means that one might purchase less of the good ; for example , those with a higher income might buy fewer hamburgers , because they are buying more steak instead , or those with a higher income might buy less cheap wine and more imported beer .
The dust storms that blew through the Great Plains were epic in scale .
1639 .
size 12 { " A + B = B + A " } { } (
Despite the ease of voting using a ballot , primary elections have a number of rules and variations that can still cause confusion for citizens .
Enhancers and silencers affect the efficiency of transcription but are not necessary for transcription to proceed .
More specifically , the base of the basilar membrane responds best to high frequencies and the tip of the basilar membrane responds best to low frequencies .
The second feature is the existence of sharp peaks in the spectrum ; these are called characteristic x rays , since they are characteristic of the anode material .
The Speaker of the House and the Senate majority leader , the majority party ’s congressional leaders , have significant tools at their disposal to punish party members who defect on a particular vote .
If your cousin buys a new bicycle for $ 300 , then $ 300 measures the amount of “ other consumption ” that he has given up .
They differentiate into three main types : dermal , vascular , and ground tissue .
6298 .
Under the labor theory of value , said critics , the value of a product should accurately reflect the labor needed to produce it .
Multiple fused carpels comprise a pistil .
The water here contains silt and is well - oxygenated , low in pressure , and stable in temperature .
For those adopting an ideological middle ground , technology might symbolize status ( in the form of a massive flat - screen television ) or failure ( ownership of a basic old mobile phone with no bells or whistles ) .
5324 .
2683 .
Both methods are called anaerobic cellular respiration in which organisms convert energy for their use in the absence of oxygen .
The first was built by Robert Van de Graaff in 1931 ( based on original suggestions by Lord Kelvin ) for use in nuclear physics research .
In general , high - income countries such as the United States , Canada , Japan , and the nations of the European Union have relatively strict environmental standards .
2000 .
As Congress debated the language of the Fifteenth Amendment , some held out hope that it would finally extend the franchise to women .
The campaign called upon African Americans to accomplish the two “ Vs ” : victory over America ’s foreign enemies and victory over racism in the United States .
These laws were designed to reduce former slaves to the status of serfs or indentured servants ; blacks were not just denied the right to vote but also could be arrested and jailed for vagrancy or idleness if they lacked jobs .
Mammals have many organ systems .
The category of physical capital includes the plant and equipment used by firms and also things like roads ( also called infrastructure ) .
The events in Kansas served as an extreme reply to Douglas ’s proposition of popular sovereignty .
Pollution describes what happens when contaminants are introduced into an environment ( water , air , land ) at levels that are damaging .
The process of photosynthesis occurs in a middle layer called the mesophyll .
Telecommuting involves employees working at home and setting their own hours , which allows them to work during different parts of the day , and to spend part of the day with their family .
How about a memory of a traumatic event , something you really do not want to think about ?
1756 .
3666 .
6622 .
In the 1970s and 1980s , labor unions commonly negotiated wage contracts that had cost - of - living adjustments ( COLAs ) which guaranteed that their wages would keep up with inflation .
4463 .
Because these molecules are membrane components , they are located near membrane - bound receptors and can easily interact with them .
For example , Claude Jones was executed for murder based on 1990 -era DNA testing of a single hair that was determined at that time to be his ; however , with better DNA testing technology , it was later found to be that of the victim .
4172 .
In a random sample , every person in a population has the same chance of being chosen for the study .
Perhaps its most free trade – oriented move was the 1991 implementation of the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) .
When the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ( also known as the ACA , or Obamacare ) came before the Supreme Court in 2012 , many believed the Court would strike it down .
2732 .
One of the leaders of the early women ’s movement , Elizabeth Cady Stanton ( [ link ] ) , was shocked and angered when she sought to attend an 1840 antislavery meeting in London , only to learn that women would not be allowed to participate and had to sit apart from the men .
Literacy and understanding tests , and other devices used to discriminate against voters on the basis of race , were banned .
Instances of polygamy are almost exclusively in the form of polygyny .
In some cases , binding of the ligand causes dimerization of the receptor , which means that two receptors bind to each other to form a stable complex called a dimer .
In this relationship , the parasite benefits , but the organism being fed upon , the host is harmed .
Eversion is the opposite of inversion , movement of the sole of the foot outward , away from the midline of the body .
105 .
Together , all three are known as the pericarp .
6382 .
The severe drop in GDP that occurred during the Great Depression of the 1930s is clearly visible in the figure , as is the Great Recession of 2008 – 2009 .
It shows the percentage of domestic economic production that was exported for a selection of countries from 2010 to 2013 , according to an entity known as The World Bank .
While the pre - mRNA is still being synthesized , a 7-methylguanosine cap is added to the 5 ' end of the growing transcript by a phosphate linkage .
5118 .
A woman ’s menstrual cycle is an example of a biological rhythm — a recurring , cyclical pattern of bodily changes .
Also , Social Security is funded by payroll taxes , which are imposed on the income earned up to a certain amount — $ 117,000 in 2014 .
The Supreme Court ruled that while the government can impose prior restraint on the media , meaning the government can prevent the publication of information , that right is very limited .
This family structure is referred to as the extended family , and may include aunts , uncles , and cousins living in the same home .
The Sun and many other light sources produce waves that are randomly polarized ( see [ link ] ) .
Rogers used a therapeutic technique known as client - centered therapy in helping his clients deal with problematic issues that resulted in their seeking psychotherapy .
Energy , as we have noted , is conserved , making it one of the most important physical quantities in nature .
The ultimate showdown between national and state authority came during the Civil War .
To explore these questions , let ’s start by focusing on a specific disease , sickle - cell anemia , and how it might affect two infected sisters .
It is thought to have originated initially in China and spread along the Silk Road , a network of land and sea trade routes , to the Mediterranean region and Europe , carried by rat fleas living on black rats that were always present on ships .
5826 .
Scientists who study climate have noted a series of marked changes that have gradually become increasingly evident during the last sixty years .
1909 .
Sesamoid bones are small , flat bones and are shaped similarly to a sesame seed .
345 .
4843 .
The driving force puts energy into the system at a certain frequency , not necessarily the same as the natural frequency of the system .
The last great extension of the suffrage occurred in 1971 in the midst of the Vietnam War .
2511 .
87 .
EPO has been used by athletes to improve performance , as greater oxygen delivery to muscle cells allows for greater endurance .
Gene mutations provide one source of harmful genes .
Torque is the rotational equivalent of a force .
Secondary feathers are located closer to the body , attach to the forearm portion of the wing and provide lift .
Sociology is the study of groups and group interactions , societies and social interactions , from small and personal groups to very large groups .
The term stress as it relates to the human condition first emerged in scientific literature in the 1930s , but it did not enter the popular vernacular until the 1970s ( Lyon , 2012 ) .
A single mother ( earning $ 8 an hour ) with two children , as illustrated in [ link ] .
The memory impairments are not caused by ordinary forgetting .
These thyroid hormones increase the rates of mitochondrial ATP production .
This demonstrated that three nucleotides specify each amino acid .
The oldest known primate - like mammals with a relatively robust fossil record is Plesiadapis ( although some researchers do not agree that Plesiadapis was a proto - primate ) .
2400 .
Even more extreme are the energies and distances at which gravity is thought to unify with the other forces in a TOE .
892 .
Scott , who had been born into slavery but had spent time in free states and territories , argued that his temporary residence in a territory where slavery had been banned by the federal government had made him a free man .
Other soils form in materials that came from elsewhere , such as sand and glacial drift .
6103 .
2947 .
Laws that mandate federal and many state government proceedings and meeting documents be made available to the public are called sunshine laws .
Simultaneously , this dynamic contributed to an exponential increase in natural resource use , like petroleum , which sequentially increased pollution in the form of carbon emissions .
The three types of cones are each receptive to one of the colors . 3617 .
During his long term ( 1721 – 1742 ) , Walpole governed according to his belief that commerce flourished best when it was not encumbered with restrictions .
Such microlensing objects are thus called massive compact halo objects , or MACHOs .
For purposes of Congressional apportionment , slaveholding states were allowed to count all their free population , including free African Americans and 60 percent ( three - fifths ) of their enslaved population .
The outer layer ( from ectoderm ) is called the epidermis and lines the outside of the animal , whereas the inner layer ( from endoderm ) is called the gastrodermis and lines the digestive cavity .
Because they correspond to new allele combinations , the genotypes Ab and aB are nonparental types that result from homologous recombination during meiosis .
The words that remained in the bill redirected those funds to education .
For example , the right to bear arms for protection ( Second Amendment ) , the right not to have to provide shelter and provision for soldiers in peacetime ( Third Amendment ) , the right to a trial by jury ( Sixth and Seventh Amendments ) , and protection from excessive fines and from cruel and unusual punishment ( Eighth Amendment ) are taken from the English Bill of Rights .
Her successor , Rosalynn Carter , attended several cabinet meetings and pushed for the ratification of the ERA as well as for legislation addressing mental health issues ( [ link ] ) .
In a population of mice that live in the woods , for example , natural selection is likely to favor individuals that best blend in with the forest floor and are less likely to be spotted by predators .
The nuclei are arranged at different levels in the layer of cells , making it appear as though there is more than one layer , as seen in [ link ] .
2621 .
465 .
5765 .
It is very useful to think of an object being surrounded in space by a force field .
The capillary network that originates from the renal arteries supplies the nephron with blood that needs to be filtered .
Northern Democrats railed against Lincoln and the war .
Rather , folkways direct appropriate behavior in the day - to - day practices and expressions of a culture .
All in all , Justice Anthony Kennedy ’s opinion embraced an expansive view of the U.S. government ’s authority to regulate immigration and aliens , describing it as broad and undoubted .
2787 .
Net Neutrality
For instance , the Christian notion of the Holy Trinity ( God , Jesus , Holy Spirit ) defies the definition of monotheism , which is a religion based on belief in a single deity , to some scholars .
These groups serve as our in - groups .
The other type of imperfectly competitive market is oligopoly .
5238 .
In many cases , these large firms were organized in the legal form of a “ trust , ” in which a group of formerly independent firms were consolidated together by mergers and purchases , and a group of “ trustees ” then ran the companies as if they were a single firm .
As a result , the test was normed and standardized , which means that the test was administered consistently to a large enough representative sample of the population that the range of scores resulted in a bell curve ( bell curves will be discussed later ) .
518 .
The amount that individuals would have been willing to pay , minus the amount that they actually paid , is called consumer surplus .
630 .
2096 .
5404 .
268 .
The idea is that you ca n’t be nervous and relaxed at the same time .
6212 .
He thought that by keeping to itself , the United States stood a better chance of becoming a truly free nation .
Natural opioids , called opiates , are derivatives of opium , which is a naturally occurring compound found in the poppy plant .
5439 .
Transmission of a signal between neurons is generally carried by a chemical called a neurotransmitter .
1172 .
After a goodwill tour of Central American countries immediately following his election in 1928 , Hoover shaped the subsequent Clark Memorandum — released in 1930 — which largely repudiated the previous Roosevelt Corollary , establishing a basis for unlimited American military intervention throughout Latin America .
President Clinton vetoed the legislation .
4082 .
4741 .
The United States remains the leading sponsor of medical - related research spending $ 117 billion in 2011 .
The life cycle ( [ link ] ) of these animals can be described as polymorphic , because they exhibit both a medusal and polypoid body plan at some point in their life cycle .
Elasticity in Labor and Financial Capital MarketsThe concept of elasticity applies to any market , not just markets for goods and services .
Let ’s say you want to know for sure what the contract will be worth , and not take a risk that the euro will be worth less in U.S. dollars than it currently is .
The final provision of the Fifth Amendment has little to do with crime at all .
Social processes that have undesirable consequences for the operation of society are called dysfunctions .
Over that time , global exports as a share of global GDP rose from less than 1 % of GDP in 1820 to 9 % of GDP in 1913 .
592 .
5252 .
1086 .
Informal sanctions emerge in face - to - face social interactions .
3341 .
Some campaigns and civic groups target members of the voting - eligible population who are not registered , especially in states that are highly contested during a particular election .
Dropping out of school , losing a job , or getting a divorce may result in a loss of income or status and , therefore , downward social mobility . It is not uncommon for different generations of a family to belong to varying social classes .
Surveys can track preferences for presidential candidates or reported individual behaviors ( such as sleeping , driving , or texting habits ) or factual information such as employment status , income , and education levels .
They remained a significant party that threatened Democratic unity throughout the 1950s and 1960s .
The shape of the eye is maintained by fluid pressure , called intraocular pressure , which is normally in the range of 12.0 to 24.0 mm Hg .
These ancestral memories , which Jung called archetypes , are represented by universal themes in various cultures , as expressed through literature , art , and dreams ( Jung ) .
He recognized this contradiction and personally considered the institution of slavery to be a “ hideous blot ” on the nation .
Each of these basic carbon - nitrogen rings has different functional groups attached to it .
The history of campaign finance monitoring has its roots in a federal law written in 1867 , which prohibited government employees from asking Naval Yard employees for donations .
( The median means that half of all babies weigh more than this and half weigh less . )
2756 .
Cartilage is a connective tissue with a large amount of the matrix and variable amounts of fibers .
6018 .
The disaccharides are broken down into monosaccharides by enzymes called maltases , sucrases , and lactases , which are also present in the brush border of the small intestinal wall .
Those two chlorophylls can undergo oxidation upon excitation ; they can actually give up an electron in a process called a photoact .
The nuclei of columnar epithelial cells in the digestive tract appear to be lined up at the base of the cells , as illustrated in [ link ] .
An endemic disease is a disease that is constantly present , usually at low incidence , in a population .
Technological advances have made it more efficient for presidents to take their messages directly to the people than was the case before mass media ( [ link ] ) . 6717 .
For example , the Seventeenth Amendment , ratified in 1913 , gave voters the right to directly elect U.S. senators .
5225 .
GAs are synthesized in the root and stem apical meristems , young leaves , and seed embryos .
The acetylcholine activates the postganglionic neurons .
In cortical nephrons , the peritubular capillary network surrounds the PCT and DCT .
While many women can quickly repeat the sexual response cycle , men must pass through a longer refractory period as part of resolution .
It is made of repeating units of N - acetyl - β - d - glucosamine , a modified sugar .
Progressive in its emphasis on efficiency , the use of science , and the reliance on experts , Taylorism , as scientific management became known , was not widely popular among workers who resented managerial authority and the loss of autonomy over their work .
According to the APA ( 2013 ) , a psychological disorder is a condition that is said to consist of the following :
This in - group bias can result in prejudice and discrimination because the out - group is perceived as different and is less preferred than our in - group .
Monopolistically competitive markets feature a large number of competing firms , but the products that they sell are not identical .
Because the District of Columbia is not a state , this decision immediately applied the right only to the federal government and territorial governments .
5103 .
Bruce Drake , “ Obama lags his predecessors in recess appointments , ” 13 January 2014 , http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2014/01/13/obama-lags-his-predecessors-in-recess-appointments/ ( May 1 , 2016 ) .
2223 .
6577 .
Southern extremists , known as “ Fire - Eaters , ” openly called for secession .
4059 .
Temporal fenestrae are post - orbital openings in the skull that allow muscles to expand and lengthen .
Average total cost ( sometimes referred to simply as average cost ) is total cost divided by the quantity of output .
4886 .
6044 .
Typically , the therapist would guide what happens in the therapy session and design a detailed approach to resolving each member ’s problem ( Madanes , 1991 ) .
2147 .
Lichens display a range of colors and textures ( [ link ] ) and can survive in the most unusual and hostile habitats .
5424 .
Those who favored a nation free of the influence of slavery feared that southerners might attempt to make it a permanent part of American society .
In most cases , this form is heat energy .
Psychosocial development involves emotions , personality , and social relationships .
Bariatric surgery is a type of surgery specifically aimed at weight reduction , and it involves modifying the gastrointestinal system to reduce the amount of food that can be eaten and/or limiting how much of the digested food can be absorbed ( [ link ] ) ( Mayo Clinic , 2013 ) .
Semantics and syntax are part of a language ’s grammar .
Circular as well as longitudinal muscles are located interior to the epidermis .
An aberration is a distortion in an image .
2139 .
A third very interesting group of bacteria synthesize sugars , not by using sunlight ’s energy , but by extracting energy from inorganic chemical compounds ; hence , they are referred to as chemoautotrophs .
) The two crucial characteristics of a given galvanometer are its resistance and current sensitivity .
This type of motion , called cytoplasmic streaming , is used by several diverse groups of protists as a means of locomotion or as a method to distribute nutrients and oxygen .
522 .
3171 . is the Rydberg constant .
One type is composed of pseudopeptidoglycan , which is similar to peptidoglycan in morphology but contains different sugars in the polysaccharide chain .
1494 .
2658 .
In this area , rainwater percolates through the soil and carries materials from the surface .
However , the formula will look somewhat different if the government budget is in deficit rather than surplus or if the balance of trade is in surplus rather than deficit .
He strove to balance the federal budget , which appealed to conservative Republicans , but retained much of the New Deal and even expanded Social Security .
Anorexia nervosa is an eating disorder characterized by the maintenance of a body weight well below average through starvation and/or excessive exercise .
When stimulated by the TH2 pathway , naïve B cells differentiate into antibody - secreting plasma cells .
There is always the potential for prejudice between members of two groups , but the evidence suggests that simply working together , particularly if the conditions of work are set carefully that such prejudice can be reduced or eliminated .
554 .
Mothers of chronically ill children would be expected to experience more stress than would mothers of healthy children .
The reverse isothermal and adiabatic paths are BA and CA , respectively .
Individuals who engage in primary deviance still maintain a feeling of belonging in society and are likely to continue to conform to norms in the future . Sometimes , in more extreme cases , primary deviance can morph into secondary deviance .
The human heart beats over 100,000 times per day .
Rho - independent termination is controlled by specific sequences in the DNA template strand .
In most phyla of fungi , tiny holes in the septa allow for the rapid flow of nutrients and small molecules from cell to cell along the hypha .
7100 .
4736 .
Primary among these was raising the needed revenue from the colonies .
4407 .
The law officially took the country off the gold standard , a restrictive practice that , although conservative and traditionally viewed as safe , severely limited the circulation of paper money .
3497 .
971 .
By using loopholes in the laws , political parties and political action committees donated large sums of money to candidates , and new reforms were soon needed .
1475 .
This model is called the aggregate demand / aggregate supply model .
First and best known is the retirement benefit .
When a positron encounters an electron , there is a mutual annihilation in which all the mass of the antielectron - electron pair is converted into pure photon energy .
For a biomarker or protein signature to be useful as a candidate for early screening and detection of a cancer , it must be secreted in body fluids , such as sweat , blood , or urine , such that large - scale screenings can be performed in a non - invasive fashion .
Free expression includes the right to assemble peaceably and the right to petition government officials .
Through the process of tRNA “ charging , ” each tRNA molecule is linked to its correct amino acid by a group of enzymes called aminoacyl tRNA synthetases .
3391 .
( Source : Federal Reserve Economic Data ( FRED ) https://research.stlouisfed.org/fred2/series/CPATAX ) 2013 reports showed corporate profits after tax were around $ 1,800 billion .
Through his method of growth via mergers and acquisitions of similar companies — known as horizontal integration — Standard Oil grew to include almost all refineries in the area .
The diathesis - stress model ( Zuckerman , 1999 ) integrates biological and psychosocial factors to predict the likelihood of a disorder .
2808 . that he stated this principle long before concepts of force were well established .
But in the long run , firms that are facing losses will shut down at least some of their output , and some firms will cease production altogether .
While an algorithm must be followed exactly to produce a correct result , a heuristic is a general problem - solving framework ( Tversky & Kahneman , 1974 ) .
Another key exception to the right to freedom of expression is obscenity , acts or statements that are extremely offensive under current societal standards .
2220 .
The first reliable record of gymnosperms dates their appearance to the Pennsylvanian period , about 319 million years ago ( [ link ] ) .
Many pieces of legislation were passed in the 1960s and 1970s with reasonably high levels of support from both parties .
In contrast , informal education describes learning about cultural values , norms , and expected behaviors by participating in a society .
5768 .
Each type of pigment can be identified by the specific pattern of wavelengths it absorbs from visible light , which is the absorption spectrum .
In 1848 , about three hundred male and female feminists , many of them veterans of the abolition campaign , gathered at the Seneca Falls Convention in New York for a conference on women ’s rights that was organized by Lucretia Mott and Elizabeth Cady Stanton .
Spinal nerves transmit sensory and motor information between the spinal cord and the rest of the body .
718 .
It is at this step in the reaction center , this step in photosynthesis , that light energy is converted into an excited electron .
In so doing , the Court ruled , Abercrombie violated Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , which prohibits employers from discriminating on the basis of race , color , religion , sex , or national origin , and requires them to accommodate religious practices .
A person standing next to the merry - go - round sees the ball moving straight and the merry - go - round rotating underneath it .
2849 .
The campaign was a typical one for the era : Democrats shone a spotlight on earlier Republican scandals , such as the Crédit Mobilier affair , and Republicans relied upon the bloody shirt campaign , reminding the nation of the terrible human toll of the war against southern confederates who now reappeared in national politics under the mantle of the Democratic Party .
For example , the Supreme Court has upheld the constitutionality of the death penalty , ruling that the Eighth Amendment does not prevent a person from being put to death for committing a capital crime and that the government may consider “ retribution and the possibility of deterrence ” when it seeks capital punishment for a crime that so warrants it .
2526 .
On the other hand , public interest groups attempt to promote public , or collective , goods .
1047 .
Civil rights , on the other hand , are guarantees that government officials will treat people equally and that decisions will be made on the basis of merit rather than race , gender , or other personal characteristics .
Still , people experiencing opioid withdrawal may be given methadone to make withdrawal from the drug less difficult .
The relevant part of Article II , Section 2 , of the Constitution reads :
Polarization is the separation of charges in an object that remains neutral .
3889 .
A thermal hazard is one where excessive electric power causes undesired thermal effects , such as starting a fire in the wall of a house .
For instance , English grammar dictates that most verbs receive an “ -ed ” at the end to indicate past tense .
Interconnected brain areas called the basal ganglia ( or basal nuclei ) , shown in [ link ] b , play important roles in movement control and posture .
This is sometimes seen in the form of overgeneralization .
As soon as the rats became aware of the food , they were able to find their way through the maze quickly , just as quickly as the comparison group , which had been rewarded with food all along .
Commensalism occurs when one member benefits without affecting the other .
The protist then transports its cytoplasm into the pseudopod , thereby moving the entire cell .
An especially lengthy and deep recession is called a depression .
We can reduce cognitive dissonance by bringing our cognitions , attitudes , and behaviors in line — that is , making them harmonious .
4085 .
Food molecules ( tastants ) are dissolved in saliva , and they bind with and stimulate the receptors on the microvilli .
Gemmules are environmentally resistant structures produced by adult sponges wherein the typical sponge morphology is inverted .
William Howard Taft ( 1921 )
Holding large reserves of other currencies has an opportunity cost , and central banks will not wish to boost such reserves without limit .
Healthcare U.S.
For example , models can help physicists analyze a scenario and perform a calculation , or they can be used to represent a situation in the form of a computer simulation .
In monosaccharides , the number of carbons usually ranges from three to seven .
Some subprime loans made in the mid-2000s were later dubbed NINJA loans : loans made even though the borrower had demonstrated No Income , No Job , or Assets .
Specific measurements of velocity depend on the definition of the money supply being used .
Because oxidation and reduction usually occur together , these pairs of reactions are called oxidation reduction reactions , or redox reactions . Electrons and Energy
The photo identification law was quickly contested .
What factors make a person more likely to yield to group pressure ?
5485 .
3680 .
Only forces are shown on free - body diagrams , not acceleration or velocity .
4731 .
Estrogen is the reproductive hormone in females that assists in endometrial regrowth , ovulation , and calcium absorption ; it is also responsible for the secondary sexual characteristics of females .
The average IQ score on an IQ test is 100 .
482 .
Because of this , they are also sometimes called “ property crimes . ” Larceny , car theft , and vandalism are all types of nonviolent crimes .
2896 .
http://www.pbs.org/wnet/supremecourt/antebellum/history2.html ( March 1 , 2016 ) .
The Executive Office of the President , created by Franklin D. Roosevelt ( FDR ) , contains a number of advisory bodies , including the Council of Economic Advisers , the National Security Council , the OMB , and the Office of the Vice President .
6135 .
The result could be a burst of inflation and , if the Federal Reserve were to run a tight monetary policy to reduce the inflation , it could also lead to recession .
The word pons literally means “ bridge , ” and as the name suggests , the pons serves to connect the brain and spinal cord .
Term limits restrict the length of time a member can serve in the state legislature by capping either lifetime service or the number of consecutive terms .
5022 .
White Caps conducted raids of white farms , burning homes , barns , and crops to express their growing anger and frustration .
“ 2014 House and Senate Campaign Finance , ” http://www.fec.gov/disclosurehs/hsnational.do;jsessionid=E14EDC00736EF23F31DC86C1C0320049.worker4 ( November 12 , 2015 ) .
Mead ’s work is closely associated with the symbolic interactionist approach and emphasizes the micro - level of analysis .
Surfactant is a complex mixture of phospholipids and lipoproteins that works to reduce the surface tension that exists between the alveoli tissue and the air found within the alveoli .
Signing statements are less powerful than vetoes , though congressional opponents have complained that they derail legislative intent .
The bones of the skull support the structures of the face and protect the brain .
There are three types of fibers within the cytoskeleton : microfilaments , intermediate filaments , and microtubules ( [ link ] ) .
3848 .
This can be done via reality , imagination , or virtual reality .
When the price of good 1 is divided by the price of good 2 , at the utility - maximizing point this will equal the marginal utility of good 1 divided by the marginal utility of good 2 .
6587 .
Psychologist Leon Festinger ( 1957 ) defined cognitive dissonance as psychological discomfort arising from holding two or more inconsistent attitudes , behaviors , or cognitions ( thoughts , beliefs , or opinions ) .
6269 .
The Agriculture and Food Research Initiative ( AFRI ) at the United States Department of Agriculture awards federal grants to projects that apply the best science to the most important agricultural problems , from food safety to childhood obesity .
5322 .
In contrast , a person who has psychological dependence has an emotional , rather than physical , need for the drug and may use the drug to relieve psychological distress .
5456 .
Thyroglobulin is contained in a fluid called colloid , and TSH stimulation results in higher levels of colloid accumulation in the thyroid .
Annelids show the presence of a true coelom , derived from embryonic mesoderm and protostomy .
And we shall find that ( even in the potentially mundane discussion of meters , kilograms , and seconds ) a profound simplicity of nature appears — all physical quantities can be expressed as combinations of only four fundamental physical quantities : length , mass , time , and electric current .
This difference in charge is important in creating the conditions necessary for the secondary process .
5038 .
Inside the cone , the interference is mostly destructive , and so the sound intensity there is much less than on the shock wave .
The first four stages of sleep are NREM sleep , while the fifth and final stage of sleep is REM sleep .
War has the power to bring majorities of voters to view their Congress and president in an overwhelmingly positive way .
70 .
The Honest Leadership and Open Government Act of 2007 further increased restrictions on lobbying .
It imposes an excise tax — that is , a tax on a particular good — on gasoline , tobacco , and alcohol .
Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission , 558 U.S. 310 ( 2010 ) .
151 .
When low , it may indicate that a person is hemorrhaging internally and needs a transfusion .
2631 .
Clearly , the level of immigration has been high and rising in recent years , reaching and exceeding the towering levels of the early twentieth century .
The nuclear envelope is punctuated with pores that control the passage of ions , molecules , and RNA between the nucleoplasm and cytoplasm .
4548 .
A soft peg is the name for an exchange rate policy where the government usually allows the exchange rate to be set by the market , but in some cases , especially if the exchange rate seems to be moving rapidly in one direction , the central bank will intervene in the market .
Slaveholders in Virginia freed some ten thousand slaves .
When two or more atoms chemically bond with each other , the resultant chemical structure is a molecule .
5294 .
The decision was unanimous , and in the court ’s opinion , Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes wrote that such dissent presented a “ clear and present danger ” to the safety of the United States and the military , and was therefore justified .
1179 .
As shown in [ link ] , an amino acid alanine example , the two structures are non - superimposable .
An early tool was the concentration ratio , which measures what share of the total sales in the industry are accounted for by the largest firms , typically the top four to eight firms .
Data from household income tax returns in 2009 shows that the top 1 % of households had an average income of $ 1,219,700 per year in pre - tax income and paid an average federal tax rate of 28.9 % .
Resource Mobilization and the Civil Rights MovementAn example of resource mobilization theory is activity of the civil rights movement in the decade between the mid 1950s and the mid 1960s .
As this example suggests , we can relate the problem of special interests in politics to an issue raised in Environmental Protection and Negative Externalities about economic policy with respect to negative externalities and pollution — the problem called regulatory capture ( which we defined in Monopoly and Antitrust Policy ) .
“ The Legal Aspects of Indian Affairs from 1887 to 1957 , ” American Academy of Political Science 311 , 12–22 .
In 2015 , however , the Supreme Court allowed several of San Francisco ’s strict gun control laws to remain in place , suggesting that — as in the case of rights protected by the First Amendment — the courts will not treat gun rights as absolute ( [ link ] ) .
Rather than being one specific theory , it is more of a perspective that revolves around understanding movements as they relate to politics , identity , culture , and social change .
It involves using an electrical current to induce seizures to help alleviate the effects of severe depression .
Their labels for racial groups have connoted regions ( Mongolia and the Caucus Mountains , for instance ) or skin tones ( black , white , yellow , and red , for example ) .
755 .
Social Construction of Reality 5602 .
The iris , which is conspicuous as the colored part of the eye , is a circular muscular ring lying between the lens and cornea that regulates the amount of light entering the eye .
1253 .
Although there have been significant advances in the medical sciences in recent years , doctors are still confounded by some diseases , and they are using whole - genome sequencing to get to the bottom of the problem .
Today , radiotherapy is used almost exclusively for cancer therapy , where it saves thousands of lives and improves the quality of life and longevity of many it can not save .
A person ’s sex , as determined by his or her biology , does not always correspond with his or her gender .
3176 .
Actors and civil rights activists Sidney Poitier ( left ) , Harry Belafonte ( center ) , and Charlton Heston ( right ) on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial on August 28 , 1963 , during the March on Washington .
Furthermore , the theory ignored the age - specific mortality of the populations which scientists now know is very important .
We first came across it in the treatment of photons , those particles of EM radiation that exhibit both particle and wave properties , but not at the same time .
The DSM-5 recognizes 10 personality disorders , organized into 3 different clusters .
Another enzyme called lipase is produced by the cells in the tongue .
They highlighted the lack of Americans to populate the vast region and lamented the challenges in attempting to govern the native peoples in that territory .
Point C illustrates one tempting choice : the regulator requires that the firm produce the quantity of output where marginal cost crosses the demand curve at an output of 8 , and charge the price of 3.5 , which is equal to marginal cost at that point .
5383 .
344 .
These decisions seem to allow legal challenges in all the states that persist in trying to block same - sex unions . 2115 .
To aid in the tremendous task of describing phylogenies accurately , scientists often use a concept called maximum parsimony , which means that events occurred in the simplest , most obvious way .
An important means of ensuring that no president could become tyrannical was to build into the Constitution a clear process for removing the chief executive — impeachment .
The southern strategy brought the British success at first , but thanks to the leadership of George Washington and General Nathanael Greene and the crucial assistance of French forces , the Continental Army defeated the British at Yorktown , effectively ending further large - scale operations during the war .
Sherbert v. Verner , 374 U.S. 398 ( 1963 ) ; Wisconsin v. Yoder , 406 U.S. 205 ( 1972 ) .
The cell responds to the abundance of specific products by slowing down production during anabolic or catabolic reactions .
Modernization describes the processes that increase the amount of specialization and differentiation of structure in societies resulting in the move from an undeveloped society to a developed , technologically driven society ( Irwin 1975 ) .
3721 .
3704 .
3758 .
Both informal and formal education include cultural transmission .
On some issues , the elderly are a powerful interest group .
6352 .
There is a critical point — that is , a critical temperature — above which liquid can not exist .
2288 .
An example is the animal herpesviruses , including herpes simplex viruses , the cause of oral and genital herpes in humans .
Let us now imagine applying this approach to perhaps a small sample of gas .
The rate at which the body uses food energy to sustain life and to do different activities is called the metabolic rate .
These micronutrients , or trace elements , are present in very small quantities .
349 .
Therefore , only those organisms that can grow without oxygen — anaerobic organisms — were able to live .
In the post - World War II period , marriage rates rose ; the average age at first marriage dropped to twenty - three for men and twenty for women .
They are , however , also counted in the employed group .
These organisms are usually bacteria or fungi that recycle organic material back into the biotic part of the ecosystem as they themselves are consumed by other organisms .
When people improve or diminish their economic status in a way that affects social class , they experience social mobility .
In fact , there were several factors that played a role in the extinction of perhaps 200 cichlid species in Lake Victoria : the Nile perch , declining lake water quality due to agriculture and land clearing on the shores of Lake Victoria , and increased fishing pressure .
In contrast , there are 64 possible nucleotide triplets ( 43 ) , which is far more than the number of amino acids .
This compulsion to dance — referred to as dancing mania — sometimes gripped thousands of people at a time ( [ link ] ) .
Global warming and biodiversity are examples of international externalities . Bringing the nations of the world together to address environmental issues requires a difficult set of negotiations between countries with different income levels and different sets of priorities .
In mammals , sound waves are collected by the external , cartilaginous part of the ear called the pinna , then travel through the auditory canal and cause vibration of the thin diaphragm called the tympanum or ear drum , the innermost part of the outer ear ( illustrated in [ link ] ) .
That same year , Congress passed the Bilingual Education Act , which required school districts with large numbers of Hispanic or Latino students to provide instruction in Spanish .
Scientists who research this topic typically use twin studies to determine the heritability of intelligence .
2915 .
7016 .
For example , when a temperate bacteriophage infects a bacterial cell , it replicates by means of a lysogenic cycle ( [ link ] ) , and the viral genome is incorporated into the genome of the host cell .
1929 .
This phenomenon is called passive immunity ; it also occurs naturally during breastfeeding , which makes breastfed infants highly resistant to infections during the first few months of life .
The endocrine cells of the pancreas form clusters called pancreatic islets or the islets of Langerhans , as visible in the micrograph shown in [ link ] .
The dogs ’ salivation was an unconditioned response ( UCR ) : a natural ( unlearned ) reaction to a given stimulus .
Because the number of electrons does not equal the number of protons , each ion has a net charge .
5935 .
4327 .
The campaign thrust Harrison into the national spotlight .
While biological psychology is a broad field , many biological psychologists want to understand how the structure and function of the nervous system is related to behavior ( [ link ] ) .
Capillaries are narrow - diameter tubes that can fit red blood cells through in single file and are the sites for the exchange of nutrients , waste , and oxygen with tissues at the cellular level .
The first type , diagnostic framing , states the problem in a clear , easily understood way .
Cytogenetic mapping uses information obtained by microscopic analysis of stained sections of the chromosome ( [ link ] ) .
1125 .
6341 .
4144 .
Instead of offering net financial investment abroad , the U.S. economy is soaking up savings from all over the world .
Abraham Lincoln , too , famously ignored Chief Justice Roger B. Taney ’s order finding unconstitutional Lincoln ’s suspension of habeas corpus rights in 1861 , early in the Civil War .
All we can observe is behavior , or role performance .
2499 .
His theory lays out two different styles called Theory X and Theory Y .
“ Public Opinion Runs Against Syrian Airstrikes . ”
) Step 6 .
5043 .
The osmotic gradient increases as it moves deeper into the medulla .
The physical phenomenon of sound is defined to be a disturbance of matter that is transmitted from its source outward .
The viral replication cycle can produce dramatic biochemical and structural changes in the host cell , which may cause cell damage .
This hidden curriculum reinforces the positions of those with higher cultural capital and serves to bestow status unequally .
In the case of George W. Bush and his very experienced vice president Dick Cheney , observers speculated whether the vice president might have exercised too much influence .
Key .
For example , raising the average education level of the population by two years from a tenth - grade level to a high school diploma ( while holding all other inputs constant ) would produce a certain increase in output .
3548 .
Familiar and still used by many , it classifies countries into first world , second world , and third world nations based on their respective economic development and standards of living .
Nor is this impact limited to chief executives deemed successful : Lyndon Johnson ’s Vietnam and Richard Nixon ’s Watergate offered cautionary tales of presidential power gone wrong , leaving behind legacies that include terms like Vietnam syndrome and the tendency to add the suffix “ -gate ” to scandals and controversies .
According to this idea , your genetic potential is a fixed quantity , but whether you reach your full intellectual potential is dependent upon the environmental stimulation you experience , especially in childhood .
They argue that much of the cost of creating such a high degree of product differentiation , and then of advertising and marketing this differentiation , is socially wasteful — that is , most people would be just as happy with a smaller range of differentiated products produced and sold at a lower price .
2737 .
In 2008 , Californians voted on Proposition 8 , titled “ Eliminates Rights of Same - Sex Couples to Marry . ” A yes vote meant a voter wanted to define marriage as only between a woman and man .
This focus on long - run growth rather than the short - run fluctuations in the business cycle means that neoclassical economics is more useful for long - run macroeconomic analysis and Keynesian economics is more useful for analyzing the macroeconomic short run .
This does not mean that fundamental particles are stable — some decay , while others do not .
1993 .
2360 .
All that recipients were required to do in exchange was to “ improve the land ” within a period of five years of taking possession .
The strands separate , and one of them is used as a template for the generation of mRNA using the RNA - dependent RNA polymerase encoded by the virus .
A modern economy has millions of goods and services whose prices are continually quivering in the breezes of supply and demand .
Larval stages — nauplius and zoea — are seen in the early development of crustaceans .
Watson was a major proponent of shifting the focus of psychology from the mind to behavior , and this approach of observing and controlling behavior came to be known as behaviorism .
4594 .
5138 .
As the stapes presses into the oval window , the fluid inside the cochlea begins to move , which in turn stimulates hair cells , which are auditory receptor cells of the inner ear embedded in the basilar membrane .
Often , a law can be expressed in the form of a single mathematical equation .
Protraction is the anterior movement of a bone in the horizontal plane .
6855 .
The equilibrium price is the only price where the plans of consumers and the plans of producers agree — that is , where the amount of the product consumers want to buy ( quantity demanded ) is equal to the amount producers want to sell ( quantity supplied ) .
All of the segments are then sequenced using the chain - sequencing method .
In a confederation , authority is decentralized , and the central government ’s ability to act depends on the consent of the subnational governments .
The acquisitive model proposes that bureaucracies are naturally competitive and power - hungry .
2068 .
968 .
The poorest , most undeveloped countries were referred to as the third world and included most of sub - Saharan Africa , Latin America , and Asia .
More specifically , the papers were compiled at the request of Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara and provided a study of U.S. political and military involvement in Vietnam from 1945 to 1967 .
They provide nutrients and other substances to neurons , regulate the concentrations of ions and chemicals in the extracellular fluid , and provide structural support for synapses .
The United Nations was unable to agree to this .
In this case , the Republicans had recently gained control of the House of Representatives and disagreed with Democrats and the president on how to cut spending and reduce the deficit .
This is the delegate model of representation .
5725 .
2327 .
1702 .
It was a symbolic move that recognized the Court ’s growing role as a significant part of the national government ( [ link ] ) .
Some aerial modifications of stems are tendrils and thorns ( [ link ] ) .
5976 .
Finally , the conclusion section summarizes the importance of the experimental findings .
Its purpose is to make sure that senior citizens and retirees have access to low - cost health care they might not otherwise have , because most U.S. citizens get their health insurance through their employers .
Thousands of Americans , primarily from slave states , flocked to Texas and quickly came to outnumber the Tejanos , the Mexican residents of the region .
In the end , research is what makes the difference between facts and opinions .
1862 .
James was introduced to Darwin ’s theory of evolution by natural selection and accepted it as an explanation of an organism ’s characteristics .
Creative intelligence is marked by inventing or imagining a solution to a problem or situation .
Thus , the ratio of exports divided by GDP measures what share of a country ’s total economic production is sold in other countries .
Epidermal cells are the most numerous and least differentiated of the cells in the epidermis .
As a result of their efforts , several states passed laws that allowed married women to retain control of their property and let divorced women keep custody of their children . Jean H. Baker .
A computerized tomography ( CT ) scan involves taking a number of x - rays of a particular section of a person ’s body or brain ( [ link ] ) .
In sociology , the hypothesis will often predict how one form of human behavior influences another .
To get a sense of this , it is useful to consider four groups of people or firms who participate in the market : ( 1 ) firms that are involved in international trade of goods and services ; ( 2 ) tourists visiting other countries ; ( 3 ) international investors buying ownership ( or part - ownership ) of a foreign firm ; ( 4 ) international investors making financial investments that do not involve ownership .
5145 .
5819 .
Average speed is the distance traveled divided by elapsed time .
Just as with classical physics , quantum physics has several subfields , such as mechanics and the study of electromagnetic forces .
Under the Articles of Confederation , there was no national judiciary .
This system sorts organisms into clades : groups of organisms that descended from a single ancestor .
6487 .
It calls for the creation of “ one supreme Court ” and establishes the Court ’s jurisdiction , or its authority to hear cases and make decisions about them , and the types of cases the Court may hear .
And even years later , when the 1832 Supreme Court ruled the State of Georgia ’s seizing of Native American lands unconstitutional , Worcester v. Georgia , 31 U.S. ( 6 Pet . )
Using the dietary habits example above , the researcher might directly compare different groups of people by age .
In contrast to other methods that people use to understand the behavior of others , such as intuition and personal experience , the hallmark of scientific research is that there is evidence to support a claim .
Meiosis produces haploid cells with half of each pair of chromosomes normally found in diploid cells .
In recognition of the fact that southern states would delay school integration for as long as possible , civil rights activists urged the federal government to enforce the Supreme Court ’s decision .
( This requirement is why viruses are not considered living : they are not made of cells .
The lens of the eye changes with age in ways that tend to preserve the ability to see distant objects clearly but do not allow the eye to accommodate for close vision , a condition called presbyopia ( literally , elder eye ) .
The concept of slope is very useful in economics , because it measures the relationship between two variables .
The basidia , which are the reproductive organs of these fungi , are often contained within the familiar mushroom , commonly seen in fields after rain , on the supermarket shelves , and growing on your lawn ( [ link ] ) .
The placebo effect occurs when people 's expectations or beliefs influence or determine their experience in a given situation .
Executive agreements are negotiated by the president , and in the case of sole executive agreements , they are simultaneously approved by the president as well .
Much of the Kennedy administration ’s new approach to defense , however , remained focused on the ability and willingness of the United States to wage both conventional and nuclear warfare , and Kennedy continued to call for increases in the American nuclear arsenal .
1151 .
5256 .
Some delineate the scope of national and state power , while others restrict it .
Physics is concerned with describing the interactions of energy , matter , space , and time , and it is especially interested in what fundamental mechanisms underlie every phenomenon .
Two sphincters between the rectum and anus control elimination : the inner sphincter is involuntary and the outer sphincter is voluntary .
6233 .
3233 .
Polygynous mating refers to one male mating with multiple females .
4677 .
An inferiority complex refers to a person ’s feelings that they lack worth and do n’t measure up to the standards of others or of society .
Nonmaterial culture , in contrast , consists of the ideas , attitudes , and beliefs of a society .
1358 .
The organic material of soil , called humus , is made up of microorganisms ( dead and alive ) , and dead animals and plants in varying stages of decay .
Keynes believed that the economy would tend to stay in a recessionary gap , with its attendant unemployment , for a significant period of time .
An area where two closely related species continue to interact and reproduce , forming hybrids , is called a hybrid zone .
2177 .
6828 .
4194 .
The U.S. government has implemented a number of programs to assist those below the poverty line and those who have incomes just above the poverty line , who are referred to as the near - poor .
Carranza refused to work with Wilson and the U.S. government , and instead threatened to defend Mexico ’s mineral rights against all American oil companies established there .
Many aspects of general relativity have been verified experimentally , some of which are better than science fiction in that they are bizarre but true .
Acid rain provides another nice illustration of agenda setting and the problems and solutions subphases .
Secondary consumers are usually carnivores that eat the primary consumers .
As a result , the Twenty - Sixth Amendment , which lowered the voting age in national elections to eighteen , was ratified by the states and went into effect in 1971 .
2529 .
The shared experiences of people within a given cultural context can have pronounced effects on perception .
To produce large power , reactors contain hundreds to thousands of critical masses , and the chain reaction easily becomes self - sustaining , a condition called criticality .
If Starbucks builds a new store , or Amazon buys robots , these expenditures are counted under business investment .
A holistic ecosystem model attempts to quantify the composition , interaction , and dynamics of entire ecosystems ; it is the most representative of the ecosystem in its natural state .
An important component of disease prevention and control is epidemiology , or the study of the incidence , distribution , and possible control of diseases .
612 .
The renal cortex is granular due to the presence of nephrons — the functional unit of the kidney .
3861 .
In 1950 , the ratio of workers paying into the program to beneficiaries receiving payments was 16.5 to 1 .
Of course , financial markets display a wide range of interest rates , representing borrowers with different risk premiums and loans that are to be repaid over different periods of time .
A habit is a pattern of behavior in which we regularly engage .
2012 .
In the ice cream / crime rate example mentioned earlier , temperature is a confounding variable that could account for the relationship between the two variables .
This was especially true following the Soviet Union ’s launch of Sputnik ( [ link ] ) , the first manmade satellite , in October 1957 .
The inner hair cells are the primary auditory receptors and exist in a single row , numbering approximately 3,500 .
2010 .
When a person in the United States calls to get information about banking , insurance , or computer services , the person taking that call may be working in another country . Alongside the process of globalization is diffusion , or the spread of material and nonmaterial culture .
The rapid proliferation of railroad lines created a false impression of growth for the economy as a whole .
As Christianity spread throughout Europe , it replaced pagan and animistic views , explaining supernatural events and forces of nature in its own terms .
The standing wave formed in the tube has its maximum air displacement ( an antinode ) at the open end , where motion is unconstrained , and no displacement ( a node ) at the closed end , where air movement is halted .
4981 .
4189 .
3399 .
This pattern of pricing is aimed at deterring the entry of new firms into the market .
Given their current production levels , if the United States can trade an amount of corn fewer than 60 bushels and receives in exchange an amount of oil greater than 20 barrels , it will gain from trade .
2062 .
The middle ear holds three small bones called the ossicles , which transfer energy from the moving tympanum to the inner ear .
In cohesion , water molecules are attracted to each other ( because of hydrogen bonding ) , keeping the molecules together at the liquid - gas ( water - air ) interface , although there is no more room in the glass .
2150 .
Medicaid was created by Congress in 1965 and is a joint health insurance program entered into by both the states and the federal government .
By 1625 , more than 325,800 Africans had been shipped to the New World , though many thousands perished during the voyage .
The reason was fear that they might prove disloyal to the United States and give assistance to Japan .
A function describes a relationship .
3339 .
The United States carried out a great policy experiment — the deregulation discussed in Monopoly — removing government controls over prices and quantities produced in airlines , railroads , trucking , intercity bus travel , natural gas , and bank interest rates .
These notes , if agreed to by the other five nations maintaining spheres of influences in China , would erase all spheres and essentially open all doors to free trade , with no special tariffs or transportation controls that would give unfair advantages to one country over another .
A continuous positive airway pressure ( CPAP ) device includes a mask that fits over the sleeper ’s nose and mouth , which is connected to a pump that pumps air into the person ’s airways , forcing them to remain open , as shown in [ link ] .
4861 .
No matter how significant a difference between parties is revealed to the rational citizen by his free information , or how uncertain he is about which party to support , he realizes that his vote has almost no chance of influencing the outcome … He will not even utilize all the free information available , since assimilating it takes time . ”
Not all cells adhere to the classic cell cycle pattern in which a newly formed daughter cell immediately enters the preparatory phases of interphase , closely followed by the mitotic phase .
5280 .
6789 .
2973 .
Potential GDP can imply different unemployment rates in different economies , depending on the natural rate of unemployment for that economy .
In a signaling pathway , second messengers , enzymes , and activated proteins interact with specific proteins , which are in turn activated in a chain reaction that eventually leads to a change in the cell ’s environment ( [ link ] ) .
What goes on inside our bodies when we experience stress ?
Exactly what is a society ?
Lavin , “ Census Bureau Reports There are 89,004 Local Governments in the United States ( CB12 - 161 ) . ”
This pattern of diminishing marginal returns is common in production .
He noted that “ for nearly three centuries the dominant fact in American life has been expansion . ”
A palmately compound leaf resembles the palm of a hand , with leaflets radiating outwards from one point Examples include the leaves of poison ivy , the buckeye tree , or the familiar houseplant Schefflera sp .
767 .
186 .
On a broader scale , society consists of the people and institutions around us , our shared beliefs , and our cultural ideas .
A layer of cells known as the endodermis separates the stele from the ground tissue in the outer portion of the root .
The cardiac cycle is the coordination of the filling and emptying of the heart of blood by electrical signals that cause the heart muscles to contract and relax .
Each power of 1010 size 12 { " 10 " } in the metric system represents a different order of magnitude .
Myopia ( nearsightedness ) occurs when an eyeball is elongated and the image focus falls in front of the retina .
During the late 1820s , Smith translated the writing on the golden plates , and in 1830 , he published his finding as The Book of Mormon .
The eye - brain color - sensing system can , by comparing various objects in its view , perceive the true color of an object under varying lighting conditions — an ability that is called color constancy .
Whole - genome sequencing is a brute - force approach to problem solving when there is a genetic basis at the core of a disease . 608 .
Global efforts to reduce poverty are represented by the Oxford Committee for Famine Relief ( OXFAM ) , among others .
4575 .
2588 .
At the state level , perhaps the greatest advocate of Progressive government was Robert La Follette ( [ link ] ) .
Fruits generally have three parts : the exocarp ( the outermost skin or covering ) , the mesocarp ( middle part of the fruit ) , and the endocarp ( the inner part of the fruit ) .
6867 .
6478 .
“ H. R. 4872 — Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 , ” https://www.congress.gov/bill/111th-congress/house-bill/4872 ( March 1 , 2016 ) .
Many bony fishes also have a swim bladder , a gas - filled organ that helps to control the buoyancy of the fish .
A high level of trade indicates that a good portion of the nation ’s production is exported .
Theorists quickly proposed two more quark flavors called top ( t ) or truth and bottom ( b ) or beauty to keep the number of quarks the same as the number of leptons .
There is some evidence of chattel slavery , in which people are treated as personal property to be bought and sold , in the Nile Valley .
3228 .
3443 .
If the foreign DNA that is introduced comes from a different species , the host organism is called transgenic .
3453 .
815 .
These societies contained a strict hierarchical system of power based around land ownership and protection .
4676 .
6967 .
In Consumer Choices , the level of utility that a person receives is described in numerical terms .
6559 .
Antitrust law includes rules against restrictive practices — practices that do not involve outright agreements to raise price or to reduce the quantity produced , but that might have the effect of reducing competition .
These banks ( and a few other firms ) , known as dealers , then trade the foreign exchange .
Deductive reasoning is a form of logical thinking that uses a general principle or law to forecast specific results .
George W. Bush ’s public approval rating jumped from 51 percent on September 10 , 2001 , to 86 percent by September 15 following the 9/11 attacks .
Memorizing these facts is rehearsal . Another strategy is chunking : you organize information into manageable bits or chunks ( Bodie , Powers , & Fitch - Hauser , 2006 ) .
In grafting , two plant species are used ; part of the stem of the desirable plant is grafted onto a rooted plant called the stock .
Most famously , Theodore Roosevelt led his Rough Riders , an all - volunteer cavalry unit made up of adventure - seeking college graduates , and veterans and cowboys from the Southwest , in a charge up Kettle Hill , next to San Juan Hill , which resulted in American forces surrounding Santiago .
This is referred to as a sphere of hydration , or a hydration shell , as illustrated in [ link ] and serves to keep the particles separated or dispersed in the water .
4519 .
6847 .
627 .
6948 .
It also significantly expanded the categories and definition of disability . 5807 .
Beginning with the Pendleton Act in the 1880s , the bureaucracy shifted away from the spoils system toward a merit system .
It is the latest and by far the most successful in a series of procedures that correct vision by reshaping the cornea .
If you love country music , then what amounts to a series of free concerts would be a positive externality .
This approach led to some research methods whose aim was not to generalize or predict ( traditional in science ) , but to systematically gain an in - depth understanding of social worlds .
In protecting the states , the Eleventh Amendment put a prohibition on the courts by stating , “ The Judicial power of the United States shall not be construed to extend to any suit in law or equity , commenced or prosecuted against one of the United States by Citizens of another State , or by Citizens or Subjects of any Foreign State . ”
Blood pressure measurements , like tire pressures , are thus made relative to atmospheric pressure .
The results are presented by means of tables or graphs , but no duplicate information should be presented .
The Radio Act of 1927 was the first attempt by Congress to regulate broadcast materials .
These grants also often require some commitment of matching funds .
4342 .
In other words , a given amino acid could be encoded by more than one nucleotide triplet .
Plasmids have been repurposed and engineered as vectors for molecular cloning and the large - scale production of important reagents , such as insulin and human growth hormone .
Minerals , listed in [ link ] , are inorganic essential nutrients that must be obtained from food .
4233 .
1485 .
First , interstate commerce was interpreted broadly to mean “ commercial intercourse ” among states , thus allowing Congress to regulate navigation .
The answer is that a change in motion is equivalent to a change in velocity .
As the chief international correspondent for CNN , Christiane Amanpour is one media decision maker ( [ link ] ) .
The other third party , the States ’ Rights Democrats , also known as the Dixiecrats , were white , southern Democrats who split from the Democratic Party when Harry Truman , who favored civil rights for African Americans , became the party ’s nominee for president .
Lophotrochozoa is named for two structural features , each common to certain phyla within the clade .
The national saving and investment identity must always hold true because , by definition , the quantity supplied and quantity demanded in the financial capital market must always be equal .
These may include prison or a rehabilitation center .
This standard became known as the Sherbert test .
This group helps progressive women candidates gain early campaign contributions , which in turn helps them get further donations ( [ link ] ) .
These viruses interfere with the normal regulation of the host cell cycle either by either introducing genes that stimulate unregulated cell growth ( oncogenes ) or by interfering with the expression of genes that inhibit cell growth .
Scientific knowledge is advanced through a process known as the scientific method .
This was followed by the Education for all Handicapped Children Act of 1975 , which required public schools to educate children with disabilities .
A cypris larva is also seen in the early development of barnacles ( [ link ] ) .
During the first two to four weeks of the first trimester , nutrition and waste are handled by the endometrial lining through diffusion .
585 .
An empresario was someone who brought settlers to the region in exchange for generous grants of land .
1897 .
2560 .
Facts are observable realities , and opinions are personal judgments , conclusions , or attitudes that may or may not be accurate .
The object is called a projectile , and its path is called its trajectory .
Two important factors a polling company faces are timing and human nature .
Again , economists like George Psacharopoulos have found that , across a variety of nations , the social rate of return on schooling is also positive .
In the wake of the Civil Rights Movement , African American representatives also began to enter Congress in increasing numbers .
These characteristics are absent in other types of algae .
1088 .
For example , stomata are present on the stems of the sporophyte , and a primitive vascular system runs up the sporophyte ’s stalk .
Literacy tests , which had been used in the North since the 1850s to disqualify naturalized European immigrants from voting , called on the prospective voter to demonstrate his ( and later her ) ability to read a particular passage of text .
4782 .
Thereafter , most temperance societies advocated total abstinence ; no longer would beer and wine be tolerated .
On the other hand , in noncompetitive inhibition , an inhibitor molecule binds to the enzyme in a location other than an allosteric site and still manages to block substrate binding to the active site .
3336 .
729 .
Social Security and Medicare are not literally “ insurance ” in the sense that those currently contributing to the fund are not eligible for benefits .
More recently , the increased outsourcing — or contracting a job or set of jobs to an outside source — of manufacturing jobs to developing nations has greatly diminished the number of high - paying , often unionized , blue - collar positions available .
3086 .
4164 .
The total energy conversion rate of a person at rest is called the basal metabolic rate ( BMR ) and is divided among various systems in the body , as shown in [ link ] .
4152 .
This means that you can in principle travel an unlimited distance in any direction .
Extensive research has demonstrated that perceptions of personal control are associated with a variety of favorable outcomes , such as better physical and mental health and greater psychological well - being ( Diehl & Hay , 2010 ) .
In preparation for phagocytosis , a portion of the inward - facing surface of the plasma membrane becomes coated with a protein called clathrin , which stabilizes this section of the membrane .
212 .
An example of this mindset was the Florida land boom of the 1920s : Real estate developers touted Florida as a tropical paradise and investors went all in , buying land they had never seen with money they did n’t have and selling it for even higher prices .
Because many basic processes in animals are sufficiently similar to those in humans , these animals are acceptable substitutes for research that would be considered unethical in human participants .
5755 .
2929 .
A few months later , in Little Rock , Arkansas , governor Orval Faubus resisted court - ordered integration and mobilized National Guard troops to keep black students out of Central High School .
3348 .
3936 .
Newton ’s laws of motion are the foundation of dynamics .
But it took some manipulation of the votes of electors to ensure that the second - place winner ( and thus the vice president ) did not receive the same number of votes .
Responding to charges by Anti - Federalists that the Constitution made the national government too powerful and provided no protections for the rights of individuals , the newly elected federal government tackled the issue of guaranteeing liberties for American citizens .
How can macroeconomic policy be used to pursue these goals ?
2751 .
The Constitution allocated more power to the federal government by effectively adding two new branches : a president to head the executive branch and the Supreme Court to head the judicial branch .
3588 .
T and B cells are activated when they recognize small components of antigens , called epitopes , presented by APCs , illustrated in [ link ] .
Sociologist Louis Wirth ( 1945 ) defined a minority group as “ any group of people who , because of their physical or cultural characteristics , are singled out from the others in the society in which they live for differential and unequal treatment , and who therefore regard themselves as objects of collective discrimination . ”
32 .
A thermal hazard is one where excessive electric power causes undesired thermal effects , such as starting a fire in the wall of a house .
This is referred to as crowding out , where government borrowing and spending results in higher interest rates , which reduces business investment and household consumption .
An early tool was the concentration ratio , which measures what share of the total sales in the industry are accounted for by the largest firms , typically the top four to eight firms .
For the rest of his life , Chivington would proudly display his collection of nearly one hundred Indian scalps from that day .
3572 .
Clearly there are more sugar consumers in the United States than sugar producers , but the U.S. domestic sugar lobby ( www.sugarcane.org ) has successfully argued for protection against imports since 1789 .
559 .
6924 .
1394 .
4386 .
In 2007 , after having lived together since the late 1960s , Windsor and her partner Thea Spyer were married in Canada , where same - sex marriage was legal .
Changes in tax and spending levels can also occur automatically , due to automatic stabilizers , such as unemployment insurance and food stamps , which are programs that are already laws that stimulate aggregate demand in a recession and hold down aggregate demand in a potentially inflationary boom .
The Anti - Federalists believed provisions such as the elastic clause in Article I , Section 8 , of the Constitution would allow Congress to legislate on matters well beyond the limited ones foreseen by the Constitution ’s authors ; thus , they held that a bill of rights was necessary .
A lineage that evolved early from the root and remains unbranched is called basal taxon .
The product rule of probability can be applied to this phenomenon of the independent transmission of characteristics .
The Thirteenth , Fourteenth , and Fifteenth Amendments , ratified at the end of the Civil War , changed the lives of African Americans who had been held in slavery .
Regardless of how they were perceived , these businessmen and the companies they created revolutionized American industry .
The thyroid gland is made up of many spherical thyroid follicles , which are lined with a simple cuboidal epithelium .
“ ’ The Law ' : Executive Privilege : Definition and Standards of Application , ” Presidential Studies Quarterly 29 , No. 4 : 918 – 30 .
Federalism is an institutional arrangement that creates two relatively autonomous levels of government , each possessing the capacity to act directly on behalf of the people with the authority granted to it by the national constitution .
In thinking about the factors that affect supply , remember what motivates firms : profits , which are the difference between revenues and costs .
During World War II , citizens of Japanese descent living on the West Coast , whether naturalized immigrants or Japanese Americans born in the United States , were subjected to the indignity of being removed from their communities and interned under Executive Order 9066 ( [ link ] ) .
474 .
Values are deeply embedded and critical for transmitting and teaching a culture ’s beliefs .
6482 .
4624 .
The past thirty years have brought a dramatic change in the relationship between the two parties as fewer conservative Democrats and liberal Republicans have been elected to office .
No firm has the incentive to enter or leave the market .
During the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries , artisans — skilled , experienced craft workers — produced goods by hand .
6201 .
The strategy was to get the ambitious politician out of the way while still taking advantage of his popularity .
6768 .
Reversible reactions are those that can go in either direction .
These are elongated cells with hair - like processes called microvilli at the tips that extend into the taste bud pore ( illustrate in [ link ] ) .
4447 .
Adenylyl cyclase catalyzes the conversion of ATP to cAMP .
4131 .
A classic study in the late 1970s looked at over 8,000 manic - depressive persons in Denmark , finding a nearly 50 % increase in deaths from heart disease among these patients compared with the general Danish population ( Weeke , 1979 ) .
Hybrid individuals in many cases can not form normally in the womb and simply do not survive past the embryonic stages .
2537 .
Depending on the location of the protein receptor on the target cell and the chemical structure of the hormone , hormones can mediate changes directly by binding to intracellular hormone receptors and modulating gene transcription , or indirectly by binding to cell surface receptors and stimulating signaling pathways .
3736 .
Many banks issue home loans , and charge various handling and processing fees for doing so , but then sell the loans to other banks or financial institutions who collect the loan payments .
5867 .
An insectivorous plant has specialized leaves to attract and digest insects .
2036 .
4150 .
First , Lashley ( 1950 ) trained rats to find their way through a maze .
2990 .
In some groups , some of these are present only during embryonic development .
When a cell is damaged , superfluous , or potentially dangerous to an organism , a cell can initiate a mechanism to trigger programmed cell death , or apoptosis .
6058 .
The residual volume ( RV ) is the amount of air that is left after expiratory reserve volume is exhaled .
The study of genetic maps begins with linkage analysis , a procedure that analyzes the recombination frequency between genes to determine if they are linked or show independent assortment .
2774 .
766 .
Glycolysis consists of two distinct phases .
The first module of this chapter begins with an overview of foreign exchange markets : their size , their main participants , and the vocabulary for discussing movements of exchange rates .
Tadpoles usually have gills , a lateral line system , long - finned tails , and lack limbs .
Since many people can not afford to pay bail directly , they may instead get a bail bond , which allows them to pay a fraction of the money ( typically 10 percent ) to a person who sells bonds and who pays the full bail amount .
6602 .
2800 .
From 1950 to approximately 2010 , the global population of individuals age sixty - five and older increased by a range of 5 – 7 percent ( Lee 2009 ) .
3930 .
The clause has not been interpreted to mean there can not be any difference in the way a state treats residents and non - residents .
2013 .
Hunting is practiced throughout the world , but hunting practices , particularly in equatorial Africa and parts of Asia , are believed to threaten several species with extinction .
As shown in [ link ] a , some individual prokaryotes were responsible for transferring the bacteria that caused mitochondrial development to the new eukaryotes , whereas other species transferred the bacteria that gave rise to chloroplasts .
2602 .
6653 .
Let ’s begin with a concrete example illustrating how changes in income level affect consumer choices .
Heterospory is observed in a few seedless vascular plants and in all seed plants .
Until this discovery , most scientists believed that there was no animal life prior to the Ediacaran period .
5934 .
2824 .
The thoracic cage , also known as the ribcage , is the skeleton of the chest , and consists of the ribs , sternum , thoracic vertebrae , and costal cartilages ( [ link ] ) .
2186 .
The blastopore is the indentation formed during the initial stages of gastrulation .
591 .
Maintaining a constant blood pH is critical to a person ’s well - being .
The most common are the α - helix and β - pleated sheet structures ( [ link ] ) .
These voters feared the social changes taking place in the country : Antiwar protests challenged their own sense of patriotism and civic duty , whereas the recreational use of new drugs threatened their cherished principles of self - discipline , and urban riots invoked the specter of a racial reckoning .
5560 .
What can be the economic benefit of having workers of fairly similar skills making cars , computers , machinery and other products which are then shipped across the oceans to and from the United States , the European Union , and Japan ?
6144 .
By far , the most well - known dissociative disorder is dissociative identity disorder ( formerly called multiple personality disorder ) .
Three cell divisions transform the single - celled zygote into an eight - celled structure .
A prejudice is not based on experience ; instead , it is a prejudgment , originating outside actual experience .
He believed that to study society , a sociologist must look beyond individuals to social facts such as laws , morals , values , religious beliefs , customs , fashion , and rituals , which all serve to govern social life .
This should have meant that Texas ’s 32 electoral votes could have gone to only one or the other .
In 1848 , Stanton and Mott called for a women ’s rights convention , the first ever held specifically to address the subject , at Seneca Falls , New York .
5056 .
7087 .
The first phase of ingestion , called the cephalic phase , is controlled by the neural response to the stimulus provided by food .
5580 .
Demonstrators were often beaten and arrested , and suffragists were subjected to cruel treatment in jail .
T cells and B cells of the adaptive immune system also are classified as lymphocytes .
If firms across the economy face a situation where the price level of what they produce and sell is rising , but their costs of production are not rising , then the lure of higher profits will induce them to expand production . The slope of an AS curve changes from nearly flat at its far left to nearly vertical at its far right .
In 1866 , he published his work , Experiments in Plant Hybridization,1 in the proceedings of the Natural History Society of Brünn . Mendel ’s work went virtually unnoticed by the scientific community that believed , incorrectly , that the process of inheritance involved a blending of parental traits that produced an intermediate physical appearance in offspring ; this hypothetical process appeared to be correct because of what we know now as continuous variation .
6239 .
3415 .
In reality , these are two related , but different , issues .
5800 .
The organization ’s main tenets of Fascism called for a totalitarian form of government and a heightened focus on national unity , militarism , social Darwinism , and loyalty to the state .
3847 .
If that charge reaches a certain level , called the threshold of excitation , the neuron becomes active and the action potential begins . Many additional pores open , causing a massive influx of Na+ ions and a huge positive spike in the membrane potential , the peak action potential .
Now blood vessels grow , forming the placenta .
Then , cyanobacteria , also known as blue - green algae , evolved from these simple phototrophs one billion years later .
Birds nesting in trees provide an example of a commensal relationship ( [ link ] ) .
The greatest recent controversy over economic liberty has been sparked by cities ’ and states ’ use of the power of eminent domain to take property for redevelopment .
( a ) Electrons move to the left in this flat conductor ( conventional current to the right ) .
In the spring , large amounts of yellow pollen are released and carried by the wind .
The spores of seedless plants are surrounded by thick cell walls containing a tough polymer known as sporopollenin .
The theorem implies that the net work on a system equals the change in the quantity 12 m v 2 12 m v 2 size 12 { { { 1 } over { 2 } } ital " mv " rSup { size 8 { 2 } } } { } .
Some states value tradition , and their laws try to maintain longstanding beliefs .
Biases tend to “ preserve that which is already established — to maintain our preexisting knowledge , beliefs , attitudes , and hypotheses ” ( Aronson , 1995 ; Kahneman , 2011 ) .
The sliding clamp is a ring - shaped protein that binds to the DNA and holds the polymerase in place .
Wundt ’s version of introspection used only very specific experimental conditions in which an external stimulus was designed to produce a scientifically observable ( repeatable ) experience of the mind ( Danziger , 1980 ) .
Just because something is atypical , however , does not necessarily mean it is disordered .
Unofficially , Roosevelt relied upon advice from the Federal Council on Negro Affairs , also known as his “ Black Cabinet . ” This group included a young Harvard economist , Dr. Robert Weaver , who subsequently became the nation ’s first black cabinet secretary in 1966 , as President Lyndon Johnson ’s Secretary of Housing and Urban Development .
769 .
4366 .
However , the translation to protein is still systematic and colinear , such that nucleotides 1 to 3 correspond to amino acid 1 , nucleotides 4 to 6 correspond to amino acid 2 , and so on . Instructions on DNA are transcribed onto messenger RNA .
Conversely , when the United States specializes in its comparative advantage of refrigerator production and trades for shoes produced in Mexico , international trade allows the United States to take advantage of the lower opportunity cost of shoe production in Mexico .
It must always hold true that :
That is , people ’s behavior can be determined by their subjective construction of reality rather than by objective reality .
Cooperation between government - funded universities , academies , and the private sector can spur product innovation and create whole new industries .
Several other characteristics are distinctive to mammals , including certain features of the jaw , skeleton , integument , and internal anatomy .
2513 .
Many argue that the tests group students by cultural ability rather than by natural intelligence .
Such financial markets include stocks , bonds , bank loans , and other financial investments .
Finally , another function of money is that money must serve as a standard of deferred payment .
Just prior to the middle of the cycle ( approximately day 14 ) , the high level of estrogen causes FSH and especially LH to rise rapidly , then fall .
Cells on the path to cell division proceed through a series of precisely timed and carefully regulated stages of growth , DNA replication , and division that produces two identical ( clone ) cells .
5687 .
High - income countries face two major issues : capital flight and deindustrialization .
These experiences can include such events as combat , threatened or actual physical attack , sexual assault , natural disasters , terrorist attacks , and automobile accidents .
According to the Congressional Budget Office , this dramatic rise in participation was caused by the Great Recession of 2008 – 2009 and rising food prices .
This method of reproduction is known as apomixis .
3180 .
Monocots include grasses and lilies , and eudicots or dicots form a polyphyletic group .
5680 .
Recall from The Macroeconomic Perspective that if exports exceed imports , the economy is said to have a trade surplus .
In 1963 , Orshansky , who was working for the Social Security Administration , published an article called “ Children of the Poor ” in a highly useful and dry - as - dust publication called the Social Security Bulletin .
Today , affirmative action policies are applied only to federal contractors who have lost a discrimination lawsuit .
Wakefulness is characterized by high levels of sensory awareness , thought , and behavior .
Neurons , on the other hand , serve as interconnected information processors that are essential for all of the tasks of the nervous system .
The carotenoids found in fruit — such as the red of tomato ( lycopene ) , the yellow of corn seeds ( zeaxanthin ) , or the orange of an orange peel ( β - carotene)—are used as advertisements to attract seed dispersers .
In the years that followed , the budget process gradually became the vehicle for creating comprehensive policy changes .
From birth , we ’re encouraged to achieve the “ American Dream ” of financial success .
Once the RNA is transported to the cytoplasm , the length of time that the RNA resides there can be controlled .
1332 .
Tea Party protests , for instance , gave individuals all over the country the opportunity to voice their opposition to government actions and control .
2057 .
4663 .
On the other hand , the sum rule of probability is applied when considering two mutually exclusive outcomes that can come about by more than one pathway .
The panoptic surveillance envisioned by Jeremy Bentham , depicted in the form of an all - powerful , all - seeing government by George Orwell in 1984 , and later analyzed by Michel Foucault ( 1975 ) is increasingly realized in the form of technology used to monitor our every move .
For example , the choleric person is passionate , ambitious , and bold ; the melancholic person is reserved , anxious , and unhappy ; the sanguine person is joyful , eager , and optimistic ; and the phlegmatic person is calm , reliable , and thoughtful ( Clark & Watson , 2008 ; Stelmack & Stalikas , 1991 ) .
1077 .
In the immediate aftermath of the election , the incoming and outgoing administrations work together to help facilitate the transfer of power .
The fungal partner can belong to the Ascomycota , Basidiomycota or Zygomycota .
2063 .
One of the first challenges facing the party - in - government , or the party identifiers who have been elected or appointed to hold public office , is to achieve their policy goals .
All around the globe , members of minority groups bear a greater burden of the health problems that result from higher exposure to waste and pollution .
4900 .
Thus , opioid drugs , which mimic this endogenous painkilling mechanism , have an extremely high potential for abuse .
Gardner ’s inter- and intrapersonal intelligences are often combined into a single type : emotional intelligence .
Patterns of intergenerational mobility can reflect long - term societal changes .
Every nation in the world is equipped with some form of education system , though those systems vary greatly .
Thus , it is of fitness benefit for the worker to maintain the queen without having any direct chance of passing on its genes due to its sterility .
Crystallized intelligence is characterized as acquired knowledge and the ability to retrieve it .
South Carolina passed an Ordinance of Nullification declaring both tariff acts null and void and threatened to leave the Union .
If some businesses run by bigoted employers refuse to pay women and/or minorities a wage based on their productivity , then other profit - seeking employers can hire these workers .
When the attack occurred , she screamed for help numerous times and eventually died from her stab wounds .
In monocots , such as corn and wheat , the single cotyledon is called a scutellum ; the scutellum is connected directly to the embryo via vascular tissue ( xylem and phloem ) .
Issued in 1931 , the moratorium called for a halt to World War I reparations to be paid by Germany to France , as well as forgiveness of Allied war debts to the U.S .
An example would be a U.S. financial investor who purchased bonds issued by the government of the United Kingdom , or deposited money in a British bank .
When most of a country ’s largest banks become bankrupt simultaneously , a sharp decline in aggregate demand and a deep recession results .
5653 .
Many seedless plants produce sperm equipped with flagella that enable them to swim in a moist environment to the archegonia : the female gametangium .
Epidemiologists study how diseases affect a population .
Governments can support scientific research and technical training that helps to create and spread new technologies .
The O horizon has freshly decomposing organic matter — humus — at its surface , with decomposed vegetation at its base .
Homeostasis means to maintain dynamic equilibrium in the body .
1493 .
The basal metabolic rate , which is the amount of calories required by the body at rest , is determined by two hormones produced by the thyroid gland : thyroxine , also known as tetraiodothyronine or T4 , and triiodothyronine , also known as T3 .
The precision of a measurement system is refers to how close the agreement is between repeated measurements ( which are repeated under the same conditions ) .
Specifically , the acquisition of OCD may occur first as the result of classical conditioning , whereby a neutral stimulus becomes associated with an unconditioned stimulus that provokes anxiety or distress .
Methadone is a synthetic opioid that is less euphorigenic than heroin and similar drugs .
The first new party , the small and politically weak Liberty Party founded in 1840 , was a single - issue party , as were many of those that followed it .
3183 .
Seeking still more control , Rockefeller recognized the advantages of controlling the transportation of his product .
In the aftermath of the Civil War , southern states enacted literacy tests , grandfather clauses , and other requirements intended to disenfranchise black voters in Alabama , Georgia , and Mississippi .
Although the study of stress and how it affects us physically and psychologically is fascinating , it is — admittedly — somewhat of a grim topic .
“ One Hundred Seventh Congress of the United States of America at the Second Session , ” 23 January 2002 . http://www.eac.gov/assets/1/workflow_staging/Page/41.PDF .
Gender identity refers to one ’s sense of being male or female .
6743 .
Sutures are found only in the skull and possess short fibers of connective tissue that hold the skull bones tightly in place ( [ link ] ) .
2394 .
Interestingly , the U.S. companies that make tires did not favor this step , because most of them also import tires from China and other countries .
6535 .
This phrase referred to the process by which every citizen of the city , no matter their ethnicity or race , was a ward resident with an alderman who spoke on their behalf at city hall .
The Dutch scientist Christiaan Huygens ( 1629 – 1695 ) developed a useful technique for determining in detail how and where waves propagate .
When the income elasticity of demand is negative , the good is called an inferior good . The concepts of normal and inferior goods were introduced in Demand and Supply .
Skidmore took his cue from Thomas Paine and the American Revolution to challenge the growing inequity in the United States .
2188 .
First , many Americans , especially young people , are more interested in the topics discussed at the national level than at the state or local level .
Recent years have seen a rise in variations of the nuclear family with the parents not being married .
The Sixth Amendment contains the provisions that govern criminal trials ; in full , it states :
The activated G - protein then interacts with either an ion channel or an enzyme in the membrane ( [ link ] ) .
The loop rule is stated in terms of potential , VV size 12 { V } { } , rather than potential energy , but the two are related since PE elec = q VPE elec = qV size 12 { ital " PE " rSub { size 8 { " elec " } } = ital " qV " } { } .
The Asch effect can be easily seen in children when they have to publicly vote for something .
Nicotine is most commonly used in the form of tobacco products like cigarettes or chewing tobacco ; therefore , there is a tremendous interest in developing effective smoking cessation techniques .
The print shows the Boston Tea Party , a protest against the Tea Act of 1773 , and the Liberty Tree , an elm tree near Boston Common that became a rallying point against the Stamp Act of 1765 .
The distinction between these two forms of bureaucracy is crucial .
In other words , people behave in a consistent manner based on prior learning .
These groups were known as the Five Civilized Tribes , because they had largely adopted Anglo - American culture , speaking English and practicing Christianity .
The bureau in question is the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ( CFPB ) , an agency created in 2011 specifically to oversee certain financial industries that had proven themselves to be especially prone to abusive practices , such as sub - prime mortgage lenders and payday lenders .
Although shoplifting , a form of social deviance , may be illegal , there are no laws dictating the proper way to scratch your nose .
This separation of charge creates a voltage εε size 12 { ε } { } , known as the Hall emf , across the conductor .
Conversely , if a situation is inefficient , it becomes possible to benefit at least one party without imposing costs on others . Efficiency in the demand and supply model has the same basic meaning : The economy is getting as much benefit as possible from its scarce resources and all the possible gains from trade have been achieved .
In our example , the Safe and Secure Bank holds bonds worth a total value of $ 4 million .
This opens the chromosomal region to allow access for RNA polymerase and other proteins , called transcription factors , to bind to the promoter region , located just upstream of the gene , and initiate transcription .
In some cases , emotion - focused coping strategies involve reappraisal , whereby the stressor is construed differently ( and somewhat self - deceptively ) without changing its objective level of threat ( Lazarus & Folkman , 1984 ) .
5526 .
6647 .
The human parasite , Trypanosoma brucei , belongs to a different subgroup of Euglenozoa , the kinetoplastids .
The pharynx is the muscular part of the digestive system that serves to ingest as well as egest food , and may extend for up to two - thirds the length of the body before opening into the gastrovascular cavity .
The complex U.S. economy , and the economies of other industrialized nations , meet the definition of organic solidarity .
Cooperative federalism was born of necessity and lasted well into the twentieth century as the national and state governments each found it beneficial .
The central nucleus plays a role in attention , and it has connections with the hypothalamus and various brainstem areas to regulate the autonomic nervous and endocrine systems ’ activity ( Pessoa , 2010 ) .
A solution 's tonicity often directly correlates with the osmolarity of the solution .
484 .
This observation led some to propose a set - point theory of body weight regulation .
The second pair of appendages is known as pedipalps .
Still other viruses , such as human herpesviruses 6 and 7 , which in some cases can cause the minor childhood disease roseola , often successfully cause productive infections without causing any symptoms at all in the host , and thus we say these patients have an asymptomatic infection .
After all , can the Federal Reserve not use expansionary monetary policy to reduce interest rates , or in this case , to prevent interest rates from rising ?
Early presidential elections , conducted along the lines of the original process outlined in the Constitution , proved unsatisfactory .
Although small , a newborn is not completely helpless because his reflexes and sensory capacities help him interact with the environment from the moment of birth .
1030 .
2444 .
This court decision was strongly criticized , and Congress responded by passing a federal law , the Flag Protection Act , intended to overrule it ; the act , too , was struck down as unconstitutional in 1990 .
1265 .
To explore these questions , we turn to demography , or the study of populations .
To explore what is meant by allocative efficiency , it is useful to walk through an example .
World War I severed many economic connections .
One way to control gene expression , therefore , is to alter the longevity of the protein .
The layer of sporophyte tissue that surrounds the megasporangium , and later , the embryo , is called the integument .
524 . .
6707 .
An enzyme called helicase unwinds the DNA by breaking the hydrogen bonds between the nitrogenous base pairs .
6377 .
This is called a process of alteration of the set point in a feedback loop .
Although there is not one single personality profile for who becomes a bully and who becomes a victim of bullying ( APA , 2010 ) , researchers have identified some patterns in children who are at a greater risk of being bullied ( Olweus , 1993 ) :
Investment demand is far smaller than consumption demand , typically accounting for only about 15–18 % of GDP , but it is very important for the economy because this is where jobs are created .
Organic solidarity arises out of the mutual interdependence created by the specialization of work .
246 .
The UMRA ’s main objective has been to restrain the national government ’s use of mandates by subjecting rules that impose unfunded requirements on state and local governments to greater procedural scrutiny .
A related process is demedicalization , in which “ sick ” behavior is normalized again .
The electromagnetic frequencies of ultraviolet radiation ( UV ) extend upward from violet , the highest - frequency visible light .
6994 .
In 1953 , Henry Gustav Molaison ( H. M. ) was a 27-year - old man who experienced severe seizures .
Like the mitochondria , chloroplasts have their own DNA and ribosomes , but chloroplasts have an entirely different function .
The 20th century Swiss psychiatrist Carl Jung believed that dreams allowed us to tap into the collective unconscious .
In 1995 , Democratic president Bill Clinton and the Republican Congress hit a notable stalemate on the national budget .
50 .
Goods that are nonexcludable and rivalrous are called common resources .
1737 .
3779 .
Both regions contain cell bodies that produce the neurotransmitter dopamine , and both are critical for movement .
2295 .
220 .
Sandra Day O’Connor , nominated by Republican president Ronald Reagan , often became a champion for women ’s rights .
Ted Mann and Jon Kamp , “ General Electric to Move Headquarters to Boston , ” The Wall Street Journal , 13 January 2016 . http://www.wsj.com/articles/general-electric-plans-to-move-headquarters-to-boston-1452703676 .
Clearly , high levels of debt will affect their career choices and life decisions for the foreseeable future . 2641 .
The seller may also offer a buyer a chance to buy a service contract , where the buyer pays an extra amount and the seller agrees to fix anything that goes wrong for a set time period .
3776 .
2250 .
In the next forty years , the biggest global challenge for urbanized populations , particularly in less developed countries , will be to achieve development that occurs without depleting or damaging the natural environment , also called sustainable development ( United Nations , Department of Economic and Social Affairs , Population Division 2014 ) .
Neurodegenerative disorders are illnesses characterized by a loss of nervous system functioning that are usually caused by neuronal death .
1114 .
Temperament refers to innate traits that influence how one thinks , behaves , and reacts with the environment .
Stimulants are drugs that tend to increase overall levels of neural activity .
Xylem is the tissue responsible for the storage and long - distance transport of water and nutrients , as well as the transfer of water - soluble growth factors from the organs of synthesis to the target organs .
Dr. Ignatz Nascher and the Birth of Geriatrics
Freemasonry originated in London coffeehouses in the early eighteenth century , and Masonic lodges ( local units ) soon spread throughout Europe and the British colonies .
Most of the mistakes during DNA replication are promptly corrected by DNA polymerase by proofreading the base that has been just added ( [ link ] ) .
To test the “ knee - jerk ” reflex , a doctor taps the patellar tendon below the kneecap with a rubber hammer .
1992 .
Bony fishes are further divided into two extant clades : Actinopterygii ( ray - finned fishes ) and Sarcopterygii ( lobe - finned fishes ) .
2725 .
After the landslide election , the country — and Hoover — had to endure the interregnum , the difficult four months between the election and President Roosevelt ’s inauguration in March 1933 .
When two lineages stem from the same branch point , they are called sister taxa .
Individuals with multiple ethnic backgrounds are becoming more common .
Several banks , including deposit institutions that originally avoided investment loans , began to offer easy credit , allowing people to invest , even when they lacked the money to do so .
This wave eliminated or reduced government restrictions on the firms that could enter , the prices that could be charged , and the quantities that could be produced in many industries , including telecommunications , airlines , trucking , banking , and electricity .
The national security advisor heads the president ’s National Security Council , a group of senior - level staff from multiple foreign policy agencies , and is generally the president ’s top foreign policy advisor .
FDR determined that his best path toward victory was to create a new coalition based not on region or ethnicity , but on the suffering of those hurt the most during the Great Depression .
The coated portion of the membrane then extends from the body of the cell and surrounds the particle , eventually enclosing it .
After the Civil War , Republicans , the party of Lincoln , were viewed as the party that had freed the slaves .
Natural selection only acts on the population ’s heritable traits : selecting for beneficial alleles and thus increasing their frequency in the population , while selecting against deleterious alleles and thereby decreasing their frequency — a process known as adaptive evolution .
If those two cells each contain one set of chromosomes , then the resulting cell contains two sets of chromosomes .
25 .
792 .
At the same time , Florida ’s use of the federal Systematic Alien Verification for Entitlements ( SAVE ) database has proven to be controversial , because county elections supervisors are allowed to remove voters deemed ineligible to vote . Troy Kinsey , “ Proposed Bills Put Greater Scrutiny on Florida ’s Voter Purges , ” Bay News , 9 November 2015 .
The stimulating growth factor was found to be cytokinin , a hormone that promotes cytokinesis ( cell division ) .
The Supreme Court found itself in the middle of a dispute between the outgoing presidential administration of John Adams and that of incoming president ( and opposition party member ) Thomas Jefferson .
Eisenhower told the nation : “ Whenever normal agencies prove inadequate to the task and it becomes necessary for the executive branch of the federal government to use its powers and authority to uphold federal courts , the president ’s responsibility is inescapable . ”
5936 .
Calvinism emphasized human powerlessness before an omniscient God and stressed the idea of predestination , the belief that God selected a few chosen people for salvation while everyone else was predestined to damnation .
The plumule is composed of the epicotyl , young leaves , and the shoot apical meristem . Upon germination in dicot seeds , the epicotyl is shaped like a hook with the plumule pointing downwards .
While there are normal fluctuations from the set point , the body ’s systems will usually attempt to go back to this point .
A monopolist can use information on marginal revenue and marginal cost to seek out the profit - maximizing combination of quantity and price .
The simplest of all the invertebrates are the Parazoans , which include only the phylum Porifera : the sponges ( [ link ] ) .
While most scholars agree that some interests do have advantages , others have questioned the overwhelming dominance of certain interests .
These firms gather money from a variety of individual or institutional investors , including banks , institutions like college endowments , insurance companies that hold financial reserves , and corporate pension funds .
Vertebrates are members of the clade Vertebrata .
1304 .
6510 .
733 .
The Supreme Court found in favor of the students .
Odorants ( odor molecules ) enter the nose and dissolve in the olfactory epithelium , the mucosa at the back of the nasal cavity ( as illustrated in [ link ] ) .
The Joint Chiefs of Staff consist of six members , one each from the Army , Navy , Air Force , and Marines , plus a chair and vice chair .
5606 .
If the RNA is stable , it will be detected for longer periods of time in the cytoplasm . Binding of proteins to the RNA can influence its stability .
3374 .
2714 .
519 .
The outer layer of cells is called the epicardium , of which the second layer is a membranous layered structure called the pericardium that surrounds and protects the heart ; it allows enough room for vigorous pumping but also keeps the heart in place to reduce friction between the heart and other structures .
Live vaccines are usually made by attenuating ( weakening ) the “ wild - type ” ( disease - causing ) virus by growing it in the laboratory in tissues or at temperatures different from what the virus is accustomed to in the host .
A brain region that is believed to play a critical role in OCD is the orbitofrontal cortex ( Kopell & Greenberg , 2008 ) , an area of the frontal lobe involved in learning and decision - making ( Rushworth , Noonan , Boorman , Walton , & Behrens , 2011 ) ( [ link ] ) .
The often mentioned greenhouse effect is directly related to the variation of the Earth ’s emissivity with radiation type ( see the figure given below ) .
If the family had no son , the land went to the next closest male relation .
The primer and dNTP are mixed with a small proportion of fluorescently labeled dideoxynucleotides ( ddNTPs ) .
2747 .
These leaders are clear instrumental leaders with a strong focus on meeting goals .
681 .
4634 .
However , the application of this standard has at times been problematic .
Health psychology focuses on how health is affected by the interaction of biological , psychological , and sociocultural factors .
1238 .
Induced mutations are those that result from an exposure to chemicals , UV rays , x - rays , or some other environmental agent .
Such differences are known as sexual dimorphisms ( [ link ] ) , which arise from the fact that in many populations , particularly animal populations , there is more variance in the reproductive success of the males than there is of the females .
While the organization publicly abstained from violence , its member continued to employ intimidation , violence , and terrorism against its victims , particularly in the South .
5268 .
A population is identified , in part , by where it lives , and its area of population may have natural or artificial boundaries : natural boundaries might be rivers , mountains , or deserts , while examples of artificial boundaries include mowed grass , manmade structures , or roads .
In the long run , however , producers are limited to producing at potential GDP .
Under the system , freed people rented the land they worked , often on the same plantations where they had been slaves .
As early as January 1918 — a full five months before U.S. military forces fired their first shot in the war , and eleven months before the actual armistice — Wilson announced his postwar peace plan before a joint session of Congress .
The chytrids are the simplest and most primitive Eumycota , or true fungi .
As noticed before , interference effects are most prominent when light interacts with something having a size similar to its wavelength .
5700 .
4354 .
Allocative efficiency means that the particular mix of goods a society produces represents the combination that society most desires .
Depending on their role as producers or consumers , species or groups of species can be assigned to various trophic levels .
3267 .
They are found in both glabrous and hairy skin .
1200 .
In central sleep apnea , disruption in signals sent from the brain that regulate breathing cause periods of interrupted breathing ( White , 2005 ) .
To override the southern states ’ actions , lawmakers in Congress proposed two amendments to the Constitution designed to give political equality and power to former slaves ; once passed by Congress and ratified by the necessary number of states , these became the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Amendments .
Loose connective tissue , also called areolar connective tissue , has a sampling of all of the components of a connective tissue .
Horsetails , whisk ferns and ferns belong to the phylum Monilophyta , with horsetails placed in the Class Equisetopsida .
The periderm substitutes for the epidermis in mature plants .
Even more quickly than it had boomed , the land of agricultural opportunity went bust , due to widespread overproduction and overuse of the land , as well as to the harsh weather conditions that followed , resulting in the creation of the Dust Bowl ( [ link ] ) .
Feedback inhibition involves the use of a reaction product to regulate its own further production ( [ link ] ) .
The party organization is the formal structure of the political party , and its active members are responsible for coordinating party behavior and supporting party candidates .
Fortunately however , the assumption that individuals are purely self - interested is a simplification about human nature .
2600 .
The Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor unleashed a cascade of racist assumptions about Japanese immigrants and Japanese Americans in the United States that culminated in the relocation and internment of 120,000 people of Japanese ancestry , 66 percent of whom had been born in the United States .
Walking to class backward is a deviant behavior .
However , their decision was almost immediately overturned by the Eleventh Amendment , passed by Congress in 1794 and ratified by the states in 1795 .
Furthermore , the courts have ruled that , although public school officials are government actors , the First Amendment freedom of expression rights of children attending public schools are somewhat limited .
2717 .
1957 .
Sauropsids include reptiles and birds , and can be further divided into anapsids and diapsids .
494 .
Dimorphic fungi can change from the unicellular to multicellular state depending on environmental conditions .
His successor , Warren Harding , felt differently and signed the Budget and Accounting Act of 1921 .
[ link ] shows a concave lens and the effect it has on rays of light that enter it parallel to its axis ( the path taken by ray 2 in the figure is the axis of the lens ) .
James Esseks .
Lessons will also try to personalize government and make leaders relatable to children .
The other strand , complementary to the 5 ' to 3 ' parental DNA , is extended away from the replication fork , in small fragments known as Okazaki fragments , each requiring a primer to start the synthesis .
The essential elements can be divided into two groups : macronutrients and micronutrients .
But when objects are stationary , static friction can act between them ; the static friction is usually greater than the kinetic friction between the objects .
The importance of momentum , unlike the importance of energy , was recognized early in the development of classical physics .
Not only are laws of physics simplest in inertial frames , but they should be the same in all inertial frames , since there is no preferred frame and no absolute motion .
Missionaries and circuit riders ( ministers without a fixed congregation ) brought the message of the awakening across the United States , including into the lives of slaves .
One of the first forms of cognitive - behavioral therapy was rational emotive therapy ( RET ) , which was founded by Albert Ellis and grew out of his dislike of Freudian psychoanalysis ( Daniel , n.d . ) .
For example , in recent years large , flat - screen televisions imported from China have faced a 5 % tariff rate . Another way to control trade is through import quotas , which are numerical limitations on the quantity of products that can be imported .
The most prized piece of European weaponry to obtain was a musket , or light , long - barreled European gun .
These physiological reactions were nonspecific , which means that regardless of the type of stressor , the same pattern of reactions would occur .
One microanalytical theory is Rose ’s ( 1962 ) subculture of aging theory , which focuses on the shared community created by the elderly when they are excluded ( due to age ) , voluntarily or involuntarily , from participating in other groups .
On the basis of extremely limited information about Gage , the extent of his injury , and his life before and after the accident , scientists tended to find support for their own views , on whichever side of the debate they fell ( Macmillan , 1999 ) .
When two lineages stem from the same branch point , they are called sister taxa .
These acts virtually abolished town meetings in Massachusetts and otherwise interfered with the colony ’s ability to govern itself .
Franklin subscribed to deism , an Enlightenment - era belief in a God who created , but has no continuing involvement in , the world and the events within it .
807 .
Primary deviance is a violation of norms that does not result in any long - term effects on the individual ’s self - image or interactions with others .
The theory posits that social stratification represents the inherently unequal value of different work .
The ovary houses one or more ovules , each of which will develop into a seed upon fertilization .
Since the neoclassical economists believe that the economy will correct itself over time , the only advantage of a Keynesian stabilization policy would be to speed up the process and minimize the time that the unemployed are out of work .
In the job interview example , the employer may not have noticed that the job applicant was friendly and engaging , and that he provided competent responses to the interview questions in the beginning of the interview .
6132 .
At a broader level , some economists worry about a leverage cycle , where “ leverage ” is a term used by financial economists to mean “ borrowing . ”
216 .
When governors declare a state of emergency , National Guard troops can be activated to go into local areas and assist with emergency efforts in whatever capacity they are needed .
4479 .
Bill Clinton ’s average approval from 1993 to 2000 was 55.1 percent , including the months surrounding the Monica Lewinsky scandal and his subsequent impeachment .
Many scholars adopt the definition developed by German sociologist Max Weber , who said that power is the ability to exercise one ’s will over others ( Weber 1922 ) .
3833 .
In the wake of the Civil War , however , the prevailing thinking about the application of the Bill of Rights to the states changed .
Morgan v. Virginia , 328 U.S. 373 ( 1946 ) .
1126 .
The Brazilian central bank could weaken its exchange rate in two ways .
The two sides agreed that one Southern Democrat would be appointed to Hayes ’s cabinet , Democrats would control federal patronage ( the awarding of government jobs ) in their areas in the South , and there would be a commitment to generous internal improvements , including federal aid for the Texas and Pacific Railway .
Even if a customer was interested in a portable TV , the tying to a particular model prevents the customer from having the option of selecting one from the numerous types available in the market .
They are also the simplest oscillatory systems .
2742 .
Proteomes can be studied using the knowledge of genomes because genes code for mRNAs , and the mRNAs encode proteins .
The cornea , the front transparent layer of the eye , and the crystalline lens , a transparent convex structure behind the cornea , both refract ( bend ) light to focus the image on the retina .
The renal pelvis leads to the ureter on the outside of the kidney .
Either way , the party system will be upended as a result of a party realignment , or a shifting of party allegiances within the electorate ( [ link]).V.O .
In an economy where most people have rational expectations , economic adjustments may happen very quickly .
A second type of symbiotic relationship is called mutualism , where two species benefit from their interaction .
6337 .
Cyclical unemployment results from fluctuations in the business cycle and is created when the economy is producing below potential GDP — giving potential employers less incentive to hire .
6327 .
Although there are many variations in fungal sexual reproduction , all include the following three stages ( [ link ] ) .
4133 .
This would establish the basis for Franklin Roosevelt ’s “ Good Neighbor ” policy .
3327 .
The point where the supply curve ( S ) and the demand curve ( D ) cross , designated by point E in [ link ] , is called the equilibrium .
4127 .
1357 .
These theorists , referred to as neo - Freudians , generally agreed with Freud that childhood experiences matter , but they reduced the emphasis on sex and focused more on the social environment and effects of culture on personality .
719 .
Strictly speaking , a theory is a more abstract representation , while a model is more applied or empirical representation .
The cochlea is a fluid - filled , snail - shaped structure that contains the sensory receptor cells ( hair cells ) of the auditory system ( [ link ] ) .
The fundamental notion that total quantity of financial capital demanded equals total quantity of financial capital supplied must always remain true .
The neutrino in β − β − size 12 { β rSup { size 8 { - { } } } } { } decay is an electron ’s antineutrino , given the symbol ν¯e ν¯e , where νν is the Greek letter nu , and the subscript e means this neutrino is related to the electron .
1705 .
3353 .
4308 .
In Philadelphia , New York , and Boston — all cities that experienced dizzying industrial growth during the nineteenth century — workers united to form political parties .
Miranda v. Arizona , 384 U.S. 436 ( 1966 ) .
For example , research with primate models of FASD has demonstrated that the time during which a developing fetus is exposed to alcohol can dramatically affect the appearance of facial characteristics associated with fetal alcohol syndrome .
Constitution , Article II , Section 1 .
1350 .
Within the cytoplasm , there would still be ions and organic molecules , plus a network of protein fibers that help maintain the shape of the cell , secure some organelles in specific positions , allow cytoplasm and vesicles to move within the cell , and enable cells within multicellular organisms to move .
The greater the hereditability of a population ’s phenotypic variation , the more susceptible it is to the evolutionary forces that act on heritable variation .
The concept of a present discounted value ( PDV ) , which is defined as the amount you should be willing to pay in the present for a stream of expected future payments , can be used to calculate appropriate prices for stocks and bonds .
The concept of collective representation describes the relationship between Congress and the United States as a whole .
In 1998 , according to Gallup polling , the rise in approval accompanied a similar rise in other mood measures , including President Bill Clinton ’s approval ratings and general satisfaction with the state of the country and the economy .
This expression is called the work - energy theorem , and it actually applies in general ( even for forces that vary in direction and magnitude ) , although we have derived it for the special case of a constant force parallel to the displacement .
Agonists are chemicals that mimic a neurotransmitter at the receptor site and , thus , strengthen its effects .
Connecting to the brainstem and extending down the body through the spinal column is the spinal cord , shown in [ link ] .
His successor , Andrew Johnson , became so embroiled with Radical Republicans about ways to implement Reconstruction policies and programs after the Civil War that the House of Representatives impeached him , although the legislators in the Senate were unable to successfully remove him from office .
In sum , after the Civil War the power balance shifted toward the national government , a movement that had begun several decades before with McCulloch v. Maryland ( 1819 ) and Gibbons v. Odgen ( 1824 ) .
The adaptive , or acquired , immune response takes days or even weeks to become established — much longer than the innate response ; however , adaptive immunity is more specific to pathogens and has memory .
5685 .
Sociologist Charles Horton Cooley ( 1864 – 1929 ) suggested that groups can broadly be divided into two categories : primary groups and secondary groups ( Cooley 1909 ) .
Insurance is a method that households and firms use to prevent any single event from having a significant detrimental financial effect .
In a double - blind study , both the researchers and the participants are blind to group assignments .
Night terrors result in a sense of panic in the sufferer and are often accompanied by screams and attempts to escape from the immediate environment ( Mahowald & Schenck , 2000 ) .
Microbiology , the study of microorganisms , is the study of the structure and function of single - celled organisms .
The MCS is a short DNA sequence containing multiple sites that can be cut with different commonly available restriction endonucleases .
A system is said to be in stable equilibrium if , when displaced from equilibrium , it experiences a net force or torque in a direction opposite to the direction of the displacement .
3988 .
How has this technology affected social change in our society and others ?
The placenta is a structure connected to the uterus that provides nourishment and oxygen from the mother to the developing embryo via the umbilical cord .
5762 .
In simple terms , this means that an incoming signal from another neuron is either sufficient or insufficient to reach the threshold of excitation .
Their fear was that the federal courts would be too far away from where those who were tried lived .
Thus , one mole of sodium chloride weighs 58.44 grams .
2634 .
6270 .
Once we form relationships with people , we desire reciprocity .
It faced a setback in 2014 , for instance , when the Supreme Court ruled in Burwell v. Hobby Lobby that , for religious reasons , some for - profit corporations could be exempt from the requirement that employers provide insurance coverage of contraceptives for their female employees .
3478 .
3565 .
An arrow is typically drawn between the reactants and products to indicate the direction of the chemical reaction ; this direction is not always a “ one - way street . ”
“ Mandatory Spending in 2015 : An Infographic , ” 6 January 2016 . www.cbo.gov/publication/51111 ( March 1 , 2016 ) .
Twenty - nine states now participate in the Interstate Voter Registration Crosscheck Program , which allows states to check for duplicate registrations .
Programs for early childhood education , like the federal Head Start program , are directed at families where the parents may have limited educational and financial resources .
5498 .
2283 .
2815 .
6204 .
The SI unit for mass is the kilogram ( abbreviated kg ) ; it is defined to be the mass of a platinum - iridium cylinder kept with the old meter standard at the International Bureau of Weights and Measures near Paris .
3080 .
1100 .
Tariffs are taxes that governments place on imported goods for a variety of reasons .
The most common type of attachment — also considered the healthiest — is called secure attachment ( [ link ] ) .
Ionic bonds are formed between ions with opposite charges .
Prohibition of such laws means that the U.S. Congress can not simply punish people who are unpopular or seem to be guilty of crimes .
682 .
When applying diagnostic frames , there are no shades of gray : instead , there is the belief that what “ they ” do is wrong and this is how “ we ” will fix it .
and the McCutcheon v. Federal Election Commission
However , the neoclassical view is not especially helpful in explaining why unemployment moves up and down over short time horizons of a few years .
And President Bill Clinton , whose White House pollsters were infamous for polling on everything , sometimes ignored the public if circumstances warranted . Paul Bedard .
A fixed interval reinforcement schedule is when behavior is rewarded after a set amount of time .
6808 .
A dimer is a chemical compound formed when two molecules ( often identical ) join together .
Since this is a form of nondirective therapy , a therapeutic approach in which the therapist does not give advice or provide interpretations but helps the person to identify conflicts and understand feelings , Rogers ( 1951 ) emphasized the importance of the person taking control of his own life to overcome life ’s challenges .
With a fixed ratio reinforcement schedule , there are a set number of responses that must occur before the behavior is rewarded .
Light waves are transmitted across the cornea and enter the eye through the pupil .
A House member must be a U.S. citizen of at least seven years ’ standing and at least twenty - five years old .
This unidirectional flow of blood produces a gradient of oxygenated to deoxygenated blood around the fish ’s systemic circuit .
Lucrative posts , such as postmaster and deputy postmaster , went to party loyalists , especially in places where Jackson ’s support had been weakest , such as New England .
Several variations of the original Milgram experiment were conducted to test the boundaries of obedience .
In March 2014 , a group of musicians got together in a fish market in Odessa for a spontaneous performance of Beethoven 's “ Ode to Joy ” from his Ninth Symphony .
Interior to the tympanum is the middle ear .
Now imagine that firms which produce refrigerators must factor in these external costs of pollution — that is , the firms have to consider not only the costs of labor and materials needed to make a refrigerator , but also the broader costs to society of injuries to health and other values caused by pollution .
Symbolic interactionist Erving Goffman states that most coercive organizations are total institutions ( 1961 ) .
Ads sold quickly thanks to the paper ’s popularity , and the Sunday edition became a regular feature of the newspaper . 6413 .
Just as a shift in demand is represented by a change in the quantity demanded at every price , a shift in supply means a change in the quantity supplied at every price .
A promoter is a DNA sequence onto which the transcription machinery binds and initiates transcription .
Growth in GDP can be explained by increases and investment in physical capital and human capital per person as well as advances in technology .
What was initially a conflict to preserve the Union became a conflict to end slavery when Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation in 1863 , freeing all slaves in the rebellious states .
While the Supreme Court has paved the way for increased spending in politics , lobbying is still regulated in many ways .
Therefore , the number of neutrons in an atom contributes significantly to its mass , but not to its charge .
3874 .
In fact , a meta - analysis , which is a study that combines the results of many related studies , conducted within the last decade indicates that by the time we are 65 years old , we average fewer than 7 hours of sleep per day ( Ohayon , Carskadon , Guilleminault , & Vitiello , 2004 ) .
Adam SmithAdam Smith introduced the idea of dividing labor into discrete tasks .
1675 .
An adjustable - rate mortgage ( ARM ) is a kind of loan used to purchase a home in which the interest rate varies with the rate of inflation .
One reason might be that senior citizens are represented by AARP , a well - funded and well - organized lobbying group , while there is no umbrella organization to lobby for those without health insurance .
4528 .
2176 .
High - income countries face two major issues : capital flight and deindustrialization .
The disease has decimated bat populations and threatens extinction of species already listed as endangered : the Indiana bat , Myotis sodalis , and potentially the Virginia big - eared bat , Corynorhinus townsendii virginianus . 0 .
These three factors — temperature , density , and time — complement one another , and so a deficiency in one can be compensated for by the others .
One of the first forms of cognitive - behavioral therapy was rational emotive therapy ( RET ) , which was founded by Albert Ellis and grew out of his dislike of Freudian psychoanalysis ( Daniel , n.d . ) .
The kidneys , illustrated in [ link ] , are a pair of bean - shaped structures that are located just below and posterior to the liver in the peritoneal cavity .
4819 .
This distinguishing feature of land plants gave the group its alternate name of embryophytes .
Animals and microorganisms can produce pores and crevices , and plant roots can penetrate into crevices to produce more fragmentation .
Biomedical therapy involves medication and/or medical procedures to treat psychological disorders .
A typical body cell , or somatic cell , contains two matched sets of chromosomes , a configuration known as diploid .
The third form of retrieval is relearning , and it ’s just what it sounds like .
The clitellum is a reproductive structure that generates mucus that aids in sperm transfer and gives rise to a cocoon within which fertilization occurs ; it appears as a fused band in the anterior third of the animal ( [ link ] ) .
5697 .
Keynesian macroeconomics argues that the solution to a recession is expansionary fiscal policy , such as tax cuts to stimulate consumption and investment , or direct increases in government spending that would shift the aggregate demand curve to the right .
2331 .
6371 .
The national party is a fundraising army for presidential candidates and also serves a key role in trying to coordinate and direct the efforts of the House and Senate .
6155 .
5094 .
The Virginia Plan ’s call for proportional representation alarmed the representatives of the smaller states .
3320 .
The C - TCB contains 20 color images that show scenes of African - American lifestyles . 4314 .
The office was seen as a form of political exile , and that motivated Republicans to name Theodore Roosevelt as William McKinley ’s running mate in 1900 .
Molecules with other elements in their carbon backbone are substituted hydrocarbons .
These economists argued that with the long and variable lags of monetary policy , and the political pressures on central bankers , central bank monetary policies were as likely to have undesirable as to have desirable effects .
The neuronal membrane keeps these two fluids separate — a critical role because the electrical signal that passes through the neuron depends on the intra- and extracellular fluids being electrically different .
At depths greater than 200 m , light can not penetrate ; thus , this is referred to as the aphotic zone .
At the end of the Civil War , the South entered a period called Reconstruction ( 1865 – 1877 ) during which state governments were reorganized before the rebellious states were allowed to be readmitted to the Union .
5105 .
1164 .
1865 .
6781 .
His experience in politics had previously included a seat in the New York State legislature , a vice - presidential nomination , and a stint as governor of New York .
However , in some cases , the price of a key input over which the firm has no control may rise .
California has led the way in establishing standards for fuel emissions and other environmental policies ( [ link ] ) .
One axon can be myelinated by several oligodendrocytes , and one oligodendrocyte can provide myelin for multiple neurons .
Asian Americans certainly have been subject to their share of racial prejudice , despite the seemingly positive stereotype as the model minority .
REM sleep behavior disorder ( RBD ) occurs when the muscle paralysis associated with the REM sleep phase does not occur .
As actors of behavior , we have more information available to explain our own behavior .
These velocities are called relative velocities .
This is because it is energetically favorable for atoms to be in that configuration and it makes them stable .
2358 .
The endocrine system consists of a series of glands that produce chemical substances known as hormones ( [ link ] ) .
Rho - dependent termination is controlled by the rho protein , which tracks along behind the polymerase on the growing mRNA chain .
3996 .
In dream analysis , a therapist interprets the underlying meaning of dreams .
Another layer of the blastocyst , the chorion , begins releasing a hormone called human beta chorionic gonadotropin ( β - HCG ) which makes its way to the corpus luteum and keeps that structure active .
In 1899 , Secretary of State Hay made a bold move to acquire China ’s vast markets for American access by introducing Open Door notes , a series of circular notes that Hay himself drafted as an expression of U.S. interests in the region and sent to the other competing powers ( [ link ] ) .
First , specialization in a particular small job allows workers to focus on the parts of the production process where they have an advantage .
( common name “ umbrella plant ” ) .
4234 .
Although Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 prevents employment discrimination on the basis of religion and requires employers to make reasonable accommodations so that employees can engage in religious rituals and practices , Muslim employees are often discriminated against .
Even if the direct effect of expansionary fiscal policy on increasing demand is not totally offset by lower aggregate demand from higher interest rates , fiscal policy can end up being less powerful than was originally expected .
For the creation of the water molecule shown above , the chemical equation would be :
4961 .
3433 .
The organisms that consume the primary producers are herbivores : the primary consumers .
The likelihood of a link between global warming and fossil fuel use , with its production of carbon dioxide through combustion , has made , in the eyes of many scientists , a shift to non - fossil fuels of utmost importance — but it will not be easy .
Mechanical solidarity exists in simpler societies where social cohesion comes from sharing similar work , education , and religion .
Angiotensin II raises blood pressure by constricting blood vessels .
The resultant coelom is termed an enterocoelom .
A cohort is a group of people who share a statistical or demographic trait .
Now let ’s take a look at the three errors of distortion : misattribution , suggestibility , and bias .
While influencing policy is the primary goal , interest groups also monitor government activity , serve as a means of political participation for members , and provide information to the public and to lawmakers .
The Quartering Act of 1765 addressed the problem of housing British soldiers stationed in the American colonies .
People often disparage “ keeping up with the Joneses”—the idea that you must keep up with the neighbors ’ standard of living to not feel deprived .
A midsagittal plane divides the body exactly in the middle , making two equal right and left halves .
Gel electrophoresis is a technique used to separate molecules on the basis of size , using this charge .
[ link ] repeats the marginal cost and marginal revenue data from [ link ] , and adds two more columns : Marginal profit is the profitability of each additional unit sold .
The arcuate “ bow shaped ” arteries form arcs along the base of the medullary pyramids .
Just as the president gives a State of the Union address once a year , so too do governors give an annual State of the State address before the state legislature ( [ link ] ) .
They contain air spaces that are sometimes connected to air sacs , and they have struts of bone to provide structural reinforcement .
4370 .
Another global concern in education is universal access .
They do not have a capsid or outer envelope , but like viruses can reproduce only within a host cell .
Virginia and Maryland therefore took the lead in the domestic slave trade , the trading of slaves within the borders of the United States .
Conformity is the change in a person ’s behavior to go along with the group , even if he does not agree with the group .
Instead of using marches and demonstrations to change people ’s attitudes , calling for tougher civil rights laws , or suing for their rights in court , they favored more immediate action that forced whites to give in to their demands .
Morris Fiorina , “ Americans Have Not Become More Politically Polarized , ” The Washington Post , 23 June 2014 .
Methadone is a synthetic opioid that is less euphorigenic than heroin and similar drugs .
A “ head ” tagmum is not usually discernible .
This very rare genetic disorder is known as congenital insensitivity to pain ( or congenital analgesia ) .
1062 .
4745 .
A group of journalists and writers collectively known as muckrakers provided an important spark that ignited the Progressive movement .
While the transition from mechanical to organic solidarity is , in the long run , advantageous for a society , Durkheim noted that it can be a time of chaos and “ normlessness . ”
For instance , New Jersey governor Chris Christie made headlines in 2015 when discussing the incentives he used to attract businesses to the state .
When the price of a gallon of gasoline goes up , for example , people look for ways to reduce their consumption by combining several errands , commuting by carpool or mass transit , or taking weekend or vacation trips closer to home .
Agonists are chemicals that mimic a neurotransmitter at the receptor site and , thus , strengthen its effects .
5355 .
A change in any single market is transmitted through these multiple interconnections to other markets .
In non - endospermic dicots , such as Capsella bursa , the endosperm develops initially , but is then digested , and the food reserves are moved into the two cotyledons .
The model has evolved somewhat over time , but it still best accounts for the structure and functions of the plasma membrane as we now understand them .
381 .
Oligosaccharins also play a role in plant defense against bacterial and fungal infections .
Estimates of extinction rates are hampered by the fact that most extinctions are probably happening without observation .
Economists do not have a great deal to say about the choice between P , Q , R , S and T in [ link ] , all of which lie along the production possibility frontier .
3916 .
4911 .
4934 .
An axillary bud is usually found in the axil — the area between the base of a leaf and the stem — where it can give rise to a branch or a flower .
802 . coli serotype O157 : H7 .
7003 .
3224 .
Just as wood planks make a platform , issues important to the party and party delegates make up the party platform .
When the substance behaves like an ideal gas , the ideal gas law describes the relationship between its pressure and volume .
Na+ enters the postsynaptic cell and causes the postsynaptic membrane to depolarize .
The SCN sends information to the pineal gland , which is important in sleep / wake patterns and annual cycles .
In addition , some fish species inhabit the boundaries of a coral reef ; these species include predators , herbivores , or planktivores .
After this election , the political parties were largely identified as being divided by differences in their members ’ socio - economic status .
Anti - dumping laws block imports that are sold below the cost of production by imposing tariffs that increase the price of these imports to reflect their cost of production .
1456 .
76 .
While some populations are fairly stable , others experience more flux .
4469 .
Olfactory neurons project from the olfactory epithelium to the olfactory bulb as thin , unmyelinated axons .
2422 .
Observing that true - breeding pea plants with contrasting traits gave rise to F1 generations that all expressed the dominant trait and F2 generations that expressed the dominant and recessive traits in a 3:1 ratio , Mendel proposed the law of segregation .
Although the level of trade in services is still relatively small compared to trade in goods , the importance of services has expanded substantially over the last few decades .
While hypnosis is generally achieved through the interaction of a therapist and the person being treated , an individual can perform meditation alone .
4678 .
Hermaphroditism occurs in animals where one individual has both male and female reproductive parts .
An implied power is one not specifically detailed in the Constitution but inferred as necessary to achieve the objectives of the national government .
3718 .
Both L L size 12 { L } { } and ω ω size 12 { ω } { } are vectors — each has direction and magnitude .
Social movements are purposeful , organized groups that strive to work toward a common social goal .
The stimulus package of 2009 is an example .
“ How Public Opinion Constrains the U.S. Supreme Court . ” American Journal of Political Science 55 ( 1 ) : 74 – 88 .
Other examples are a group of commuters traveling home from work and a population of teens adopting a favorite singer ’s hairstyle .
In the final draft of the U.S. Constitution , the bicameral Congress established by the convention of 1787 was given a number of powers and limitations .
During his time as governor , from 1901 through 1906 , La Follette introduced the Wisconsin Idea , wherein he hired experts to research and advise him in drafting legislation to improve conditions in his state .
In an example of stereotype interchangeability , the same insults that are flung today at the overweight and obese population ( lazy , for instance ) , have been flung at various racial and ethnic groups in earlier history .
3637 .
6547 .
Previously , the depletion of a region ’s crops or water supply forced pastoral societies to relocate in search of food sources for their livestock .
By proposing that the new national bank buy up large volumes of state bank notes and demanding their conversion into gold , Hamilton especially wanted to discipline those state banks that issued paper money irresponsibly .
4470 .
{ } [ link ] shows the schematic for a simple circuit .
Over the long run , in the United States , the unemployment rate typically hovers around 5 % ( give or take one percentage point or so ) , when the economy is healthy .
rem = rad × RBE rem = rad × RBE
Flow - resistive refers to the work of the alveoli and tissues in the lung , whereas elastic work refers to the work of the intercostal muscles , chest wall , and diaphragm .
When Supreme Court justice Antonin Scalia died unexpectedly in early 2016 , many in Washington braced for a political sandstorm of obstruction and accusations .
Mexico is an example , providing abundant cheap agricultural labor to the U.S. , and supplying goods to the United States market at a rate dictated by the U.S. without the constitutional protections offered to United States workers .
During DNA duplication in the S phase , each chromosome is replicated to produce two identical copies , called sister chromatids , that are held together at the centromere by cohesin proteins .
Constitution , Article II , Section 1 .
) Special interest groups are groups that are small in number relative to the nation , but quite well organized and focused on a specific issue .
If Big Drug were able to gain this social return instead of other companies , its demand for financial capital would shift to the demand curve DSocial , and it would be willing to borrow and invest $ 52 million .
Since district courts are not called for in Article III of the Constitution , Congress established them and narrowly defined their jurisdiction , at first limiting them to handling only cases that arose within the district .
It uses the church to promote social change via the political arena , and it is most often seen in attempts to reduce or eliminate social injustice , discrimination , and poverty .
Unless the person or group challenging the law can prove otherwise , the courts will generally decide the discriminatory practice is allowed .
Since I = ΔQ / Δt I = ΔQ / Δt size 12 { I = ΔQ / Δt } { } , we see that an ampere is one coulomb per second :
One is natural monopoly , where the barriers to entry are something other than legal prohibition .
Beginning with nonpresidential - year elections , the Populist Party had modest success , particularly in Kansas , Nebraska , and the Dakotas , where they succeeded in electing several state legislators , one governor , and a handful of congressmen .
Under socialism , the government uses its authority to promote social and economic equality within the country .
The more easily it is polarized , the greater its dielectric constant κ κ size 12 { k } { } .
In these mycorrhiza , the fungi form arbuscules that penetrate root cells and are the site of the metabolic exchanges between the fungus and the host plant ( [ link ] and [ link ] ) .
These charts show the percentage change in consumer prices compared with the previous year ’s consumer prices in Brazil , China , and Russia .
6236 .
42 .
4278 .
5110 .
By the eleventh century , a major Christian holy war called the Reconquista , or reconquest , had begun to slowly push the Muslims from Spain .
Transitional or uroepithelial cells appear only in the urinary system , primarily in the bladder and ureter .
272 .
Three cell divisions transform the single - celled zygote into an eight - celled structure .
Private markets , such as the cell phone industry , offer an efficient way to put buyers and sellers together and determine what goods are produced , how they are produced , and who gets them .
It is important to distinguish between socialized medicine , in which the government owns the healthcare system , and universal healthcare , which is simply a system that guarantees healthcare coverage for everyone .
There is some evidence that , unlike the immediate effects of radiation , the long - term effects are cumulative and there is little self - repair .
However , the amount of money the U.S. government needed to borrow to pay its bills in 2016 was still in excess of $ 400 billion
In the late 1800s and early 1900s , electric appliances were invented at an astonishing pace .
The headright system and the promise of a new life for servants acted as powerful incentives for English migrants to hazard the journey to the New World .
5185 .
5582 .
Such feelings would be normal .
169 .
Many tribes have also used their new freedom from government control to legalize gambling and to open casinos on their reservations .
Just to the east of Portugal , King Ferdinand of Aragon married Queen Isabella of Castile in 1469 , uniting two of the most powerful independent kingdoms on the Iberian peninsula and laying the foundation for the modern nation of Spain .
The phalanges are the 14 bones of the toes .
The provisions that affected private businesses and employers were legally justified not by the Fourteenth Amendment ’s guarantee of equal protection of the laws but instead by Congress ’s power to regulate interstate commerce . See Heart of Atlanta Motel , Inc. v. United States , 379 U.S. 241 ( 1964 ) ; Katzenbach v. McClung , 379 U.S. 294 ( 1964 ) , which built on Wickard v. Filburn , 317 U.S. 111 ( 1942 ) .
3896 .
Myofibrils run the entire length of the muscle fiber , and because they are only approximately 1.2 µm in diameter , hundreds to thousands can be found inside one muscle fiber .
The 1840s were a particularly active time in the creation and reorganization of political parties and constituencies , mainly because of discontent with the positions of the mainstream Whig and Democratic Parties in regard to slavery and its extension into the territories .
The argument of Keynesian macroeconomic policy is that the government needs to lean against the wind , spending when times are hard and saving when times are good , for the sake of the overall economy .
4901 .
Traditionally , the main use of eminent domain was to obtain property for transportation corridors like railroads , highways , canals and reservoirs , and pipelines , which require fairly straight routes to be efficient .
The end of the Permian period ( and the Paleozoic Era ) was marked by the largest mass extinction event in Earth ’s history , a loss of roughly 95 percent of the extant species at that time .
One of the most common treatments for sleep apnea involves the use of a special device during sleep .
The adrenal glands consist of an outer adrenal cortex and an inner adrenal medulla .
In 2014 , in the case of Burwell v. Hobby Lobby Stores , Inc. , the Supreme Court ruled in his favor .
There , the vesicles fuse and coalesce from the center toward the cell walls ; this structure is called a cell plate .
549 .
Poverty is measured by the number of people who fall below a certain level of income — called the poverty line — that defines the income needed for a basic standard of living .
This act provided increased federal funding to both elementary and secondary schools , allocating more than $ 1 billion for the purchase of books and library materials , and the creation of educational programs for disadvantaged children .
Also during this time , primary and secondary sexual characteristics develop and mature .
3771 .
If the voter remains on this list for two general elections , his or her registration is cancelled .
3890 .
1960 .
1241 .
3108 .
In this way , an individual investor could , in effect , loan the firm $ 5,000 , or any multiple of that amount .
Tubers are modified stems that may store starch , as seen in the potato ( Solanum sp .
Chitinous hairlike extensions , anchored in the epidermis and projecting from the cuticle , called setae / chaetae are present in every segment .
Obergefell v. Hodges , 576 U.S. _ ( 2015 ) .
7096 .
Finally , the most recent measurements of the CMBR have implications for the cosmological constant , so it is not simply a device concocted for a single purpose . After the recent experimental discovery of the cosmological constant , most researchers feel that the universe should be just barely open .
Political scientists call this the politico model of representation .
29 October 2014 .
5215 .
Specifically for the strong nuclear force , Yukawa proposed that a previously unknown particle , now called a pion , is exchanged between nucleons , transmitting the force between them .
His coverage was based on opinion after viewing the war from the ground .
The frontal lobe is involved in reasoning , motor control , emotion , and language .
Among the goals that governments around the world seek to accomplish are economic prosperity for the nation , secure national borders , and the safety and well - being of citizens .
For example , if we are interested in how our opinion of someone is affected by their attire , we might use deception in describing the experiment to prevent that knowledge from affecting participants ’ responses .
Responding to the German invasion of Poland , Roosevelt worked with Congress to alter the Neutrality Laws to permit a policy of “ Cash and Carry ” in munitions for Britain and France .
4338 .
3687 .
The Taliban refused to turn bin Laden over , and the United States began a bombing campaign in October , allying with the Afghan Northern Alliance , a coalition of tribal leaders opposed to the Taliban .
Tetrapods include amphibians , reptiles , birds , and mammals .
Evidence from the fossil record and from a comparison of human and chimpanzee DNA suggests that humans and chimpanzees diverged from a common hominoid ancestor approximately 6 million years ago .
6594 .
The creation of the Department of Homeland Security federalized disaster response power in Washington , and the Transportation Security Administration was created to federalize airport security .
The Wilmot Proviso was not entirely new .
Markets produce goods as they are supposed to , but eventually the market is saturated and the supply of goods exceeds the demands .
6753 .
Shells may be planospiral ( like a garden hose wound up ) , commonly seen in garden snails , or conispiral , ( like a spiral staircase ) , commonly seen in marine conches .
Species dispersion patterns ( or distribution patterns ) show the spatial relationship between members of a population within a habitat at a particular point in time .
How big is the uncertainty in something you calculate by multiplication or division ?
5259 .
( Note that these graphs depict a very simplified model of the trip .
As the partial pressure of oxygen increases , the hemoglobin becomes increasingly saturated with oxygen .
4534 .
Virginia ’s Patrick Henry , for example , feared that the newly created office of president would place excessive power in the hands of one man .
3560 .
27 .
In the wake of the Civil War , the Grangers quickly grew to over 1.5 million members in less than a decade ( [ link ] ) .
Intercalary meristems occur only in monocots , at the bases of leaf blades and at nodes ( the areas where leaves attach to a stem ) .
They convert their single - stranded genomes into a dsDNA intermediate before transcription to mRNA can occur .
Allocative efficiency is a social concept .
This means that if you travel far enough in any direction , you will return to your starting point , analogous to circumnavigating the Earth .
Obergefell v. Hodges , 576 U.S. _ _ _ ( 2015 ) .
Although the power of some monarchs is limited by law , and such kings and queens often rule along with an elected legislature that makes laws for the country , this is not always the case .
A microeconomic production function describes the inputs and outputs of a firm , or perhaps an industry .
4483 .
4827 .
To them , the Constitution appeared to mimic the old corrupt and centralized British regime , under which a far - off government made the laws .
2525 .
Festinger ’s theory of cognitive dissonance states that when we experience a conflict in our behaviors , attitudes , or beliefs that runs counter to our positive self - perceptions , we experience psychological discomfort ( dissonance ) .
At the right side of the average cost curve , total costs begin rising more rapidly as diminishing returns kick in .
“ Fighting Bob ” supported numerous Progressive ideas while governor : He signed into law the first workman ’s compensation system , approved a minimum wage law , developed a progressive tax law , adopted the direct election of U.S. senators before the subsequent constitutional amendment made it mandatory , and advocated for women ’s suffrage .
5868 .
A substance or object that emits nuclear radiation is said to be radioactive . Two types of experimental evidence imply that Becquerel ’s rays originate deep in the heart ( or nucleus ) of an atom .
Anthropoids include monkeys , apes , and humans .
3559 .
George Washington ’s contributions as our first president are highlighted , for instance , but teachers are unlikely to mention that he owned slaves .
Distance is an example of a scalar quantity .
These are called weakly interacting massive particles , or WIMPs , and would also be chargeless , thus interacting negligibly with normal matter , except through gravitation .
Sisters : The Lives of America ’s Suffragists .
In response to those immortal words of John Maynard Keynes , “ In the long run we are all dead , ” neoclassical economists respond that even if the adjustment takes as long as , say , ten years the neoclassical perspective remains of central importance in understanding the economy .
" >
3915 .
Contemporary societies that live close to the land often have a broad knowledge of the medicinal uses of plants growing in their area .
These symptoms include fatigue , sluggishness , irritability , and insomnia ( i.e. , a consistent difficulty in falling or staying asleep for at least three nights a week over a month ’s time ) ( Roth , 2007 ) .
This is known as the transformer equation , and it simply states that the ratio of the secondary to primary voltages in a transformer equals the ratio of the number of loops in their coils .
The last clause of Article I , Section 8 , commonly referred to as the elastic clause or the necessary and proper cause , enables Congress “ to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying ” out its constitutional responsibilities .
5881 .
In one night , however , the KOL ’s popularity — and indeed the momentum of the labor movement as a whole — plummeted due to an event known as the Haymarket affair , which occurred on May 4 , 1886 , in Chicago ’s Haymarket Square ( [ link ] ) .
A third hormone , calcitonin , is produced by parafollicular cells of the thyroid either releasing hormones or inhibiting hormones .
6852 .
Democrats tried to discredit him by declaring , “ Give him a barrel of hard [ alcoholic ] cider and settle a pension of two thousand a year on him , and take my word for it , he will sit the remainder of his days in his log cabin . ”
Primary active transport moves ions across a membrane and creates a difference in charge across that membrane , which is directly dependent on ATP .
This bill is designed to restrict government intrusion into people ’s religious beliefs unless there is a compelling state interest .
Prejudice is a negative attitude and feeling toward an individual based solely on one ’s membership in a particular social group ( Allport , 1954 ; Brown , 2010 ) .
In classical conditioning , a response called the conditioned response is associated with a stimulus that it had previously not been associated with , the conditioned stimulus .
[ link ] lists the exchange or carrier particles , both observed and proposed , that carry the four forces .
Chromatin and ChromosomesTo understand chromatin , it is helpful to first consider chromosomes .
In individuals diagnosed with a substance use disorder , there is a compulsive pattern of drug use that is often associated with both physical and psychological dependence . Physical dependence involves changes in normal bodily functions — the user will experience withdrawal from the drug upon cessation of use .
When president - elect Barack Obama admitted an addiction to his Blackberry , the signs were clear : A new generation was assuming the presidency .
The actual rate of return refers to the total rate of return , including capital gains and interest paid on an investment at the end of a period of time .
Until now we have discussed evolution as a change in the characteristics of a population of organisms , but behind that phenotypic change is genetic change .
Say ’s law that supply creates its own demand does seem a good approximation for the long run .
DNA polymerase can now extend this RNA primer , adding nucleotides one by one that are complementary to the template strand ( [ link ] ) .
In politics and business , a quorum is the minimum number of members required to be present to vote on an issue .
This is illustrated by the following generic reaction :
Since the pressure is constant , the force exerted is constant and the work done is given as P Δ V .
2106 .
6343 .
Visit this website to see an example of a consent form . While the informed consent form should be as honest as possible in describing exactly what participants will be doing , sometimes deception is necessary to prevent participants ’ knowledge of the exact research question from affecting the results of the study .
Communication within a Species
A neuron ’s outer surface is made up of a semipermeable membrane .
The MCS is a short DNA sequence containing multiple sites that can be cut with different commonly available restriction endonucleases .
In the lungs , air is diverted into smaller and smaller passages , or bronchi .
Some living systems use an organic molecule as the final electron acceptor .
The protections for religion , speech , the press , and assembly that are granted by the First Amendment did not exist under English law .
The collective function of the best - understood tumor suppressor gene proteins , Rb , p53 , and p21 , is to put up a roadblock to cell cycle progression until certain events are completed .
In this case , a home is the asset , but the mortgage is the liability .
During the George W. Bush administration , Social Security became a highly politicized topic as the Republican Party sought to find a way of preventing what experts predicted would be the impending collapse of the Social Security system ( [ link ] ) .
McConnell remained adamant even after President Barack Obama , saying he was acting in fulfillment of his constitutional duty , nominated Merrick Garland , longtime chief judge of the federal Circuit Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit .
141 .
In the Judicial Code of 1911 , Congress made the U.S. district courts the sole general - jurisdiction trial courts of the federal judiciary , a role they had previously shared with the circuit courts .
These studies can involve interactions as straightforward as the fit of a desk , chair , and computer to a human having to sit on the chair at the desk using the computer for several hours each day .
4061 .
In the oral stage ( birth to 1 year ) , pleasure is focused on the mouth .
The Constitution contains several provisions that direct the functioning of U.S. federalism .
Many fiscal policy bills about spending or taxes propose changes that would start in the next budget year or would be phased in gradually over time .
Liquids can , for example , be held in open containers because cohesive forces hold the molecules together .
Infants younger than 12 months appear to be at the highest risk for SIDS , and boys have a greater risk than girls .
Medications used to treat psychological disorders are called psychotropic medications and are prescribed by medical doctors , including psychiatrists .
Such a system is underdamped ; its displacement is represented by the curve in [ link ] .
The frequency of a sound wave is associated with our perception of that sound ’s pitch .
This population pyramid shows the breakdown of the 2010 U.S. population according to age and sex .
The simplest combinations of resistors are the series and parallel connections illustrated in [ link ] .
In the 1990s , the idea of legal , same - sex marriage seemed particularly unlikely ; neither of the two main political parties expressed support for it .
In a degradation ceremony , new members lose the aspects of their old identity and are given new identities .
3782 .
McCutcheon v. Federal Election Commission , 12 - 536 , 572 U.S. _ _ _ ( 2014 ) .
The analysis , or manner , of how the burden of a tax is divided between consumers and producers is called tax incidence .
6833 .
In cases in which a person has had no success with repeated attempts to reduce weight or is at risk for death because of obesity , bariatric surgery may be recommended .
To meet these labor demands , early Virginians relied on indentured servants .
In the United States , many advocates of civil liberties are concerned that laws such as the USA PATRIOT Act ( i.e. , Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act ) , passed weeks after the 9/11 attacks in 2001 , have given the federal government too much power by making it easy for officials to seek and obtain search warrants or , in some cases , to bypass warrant requirements altogether .
Block grants come with less stringent federal administrative conditions and provide recipients more flexibility over how to spend grant funds .
These three components form a triangle that defines multiple types of love : this is known as Sternberg ’s triangular theory of love ( [ link ] ) .
Activity RR size 12 { R } { } is often expressed in other units , such as decays per minute or decays per year .
Another form of prejudice is homophobia : prejudice and discrimination of individuals based solely on their sexual orientation .
2153 .
They provide clues to understanding experiences by conveying recognizable meanings that are shared by societies .
In the early 2000s , about 40 million people in the United States were eligible for Medicare , a government program that provides health insurance for those 65 and older .
We will need to take a single vector and find what other vectors added together produce it .
Communism prioritizes control of both politics and economy , while libertarianism is its near - opposite .
Net national product ( NNP ) is calculated by taking GNP and then subtracting the value of how much physical capital is worn out , or reduced in value because of aging , over the course of a year .
1367 .
A mutual fund that seeks only to mimic the overall performance of the market is called an index fund .
One of the most notable protest movements occurred toward the end of Hoover ’s presidency and centered on the Bonus Expeditionary Force , or Bonus Army , in the spring of 1932 .
Species of warm - blooded animals , for example , tend to have larger bodies in the cooler climates closer to the earth ’s poles , allowing them to better conserve heat .
When most people think of new technology , the invention of new products like the laser , the smartphone , or some new wonder drug come to mind .
3346 .
In this chapter , you have learned that perception is a complex process .
276 .
Other channels called UHF ( for ultra high frequency ) utilize an even higher frequency range of 470 to 1000 MHz .
An anchoring bias occurs when you focus on one piece of information when making a decision or solving a problem .
The site of transduction is in the organ of Corti ( spiral organ ) .
This process is called barrier penetration or quantum mechanical tunneling .
The patellae are sesamoid bones ( [ link ] ) .
( Note that in most calculations , we will use trigonometric relationships to determine this angle .
Division of power can also occur via a unitary structure or confederation ( [ link ] ) .
These glands are located on the posterior surface of the thyroid gland , as shown in [ link ] . 1823 .
One well - recognized negative aspect of organizational culture is a culture of harassment , including sexual harassment .
Remember , though , that culture is a product of the people in a society ; sociologists take care not to treat the concept of “ culture ” as though it were alive in its own right .
The female gonads are the ovaries ; the male gonads are the testes .
Both groups ended their opposition , however , at the time of the German invasion of the Soviet Union and the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor , respectively .
If the solvent is water , one kilogram of water is equal to one liter of water .
In fact , without information from the innate immune system , the adaptive response could not be mobilized .
Distance traveled is the total length of the path traveled between two positions .
These two groups are separated based on which opening of the digestive cavity develops first : mouth or anus .
Carbon-14 has a half - life of 5730 years and is produced in a nuclear reaction induced when solar neutrinos strike 14N 14N size 12 { " " lSup { size 8 { " 14 " } } N } { } in the atmosphere .
4179 .
In 1882 , Congress passed the Chinese Exclusion Act , which prevented Chinese from immigrating to the United States for ten years and prevented Chinese already in the country from becoming citizens ( [ link ] ) .
Based on these observations , Masters and Johnson divided the sexual response cycle into four phases that are fairly similar in men and women : excitement , plateau , orgasm , and resolution ( [ link ] ) .
5777 .
Lake water constantly irrigated these chinampas , or “ floating gardens , ” which are still in use and can be seen today in Xochimilco , a district of Mexico City .
Calcitonin release is not controlled by TSH , but instead is released when calcium ion concentrations in the blood rise . 1516 .
To comprehend these vast ranges , we must also have accepted units in which to express them .
5947 .
Many mature seeds enter a period of inactivity , or extremely low metabolic activity : a process known as dormancy , which may last for months , years or even centuries .
In children , hypothyroidism can cause cretinism , which can lead to mental retardation and growth defects .
3251 .
[ link ] shows a simple model of an atom with negative electrons orbiting its positive nucleus .
As the passageways decrease in diameter , the relative amount of smooth muscle increases .
Census estimates for 2012 show just over 19,500 municipal governments and nearly 16,500 township governments in the United States .
A year into his presidency , convinced it was folly to allow the expansion of Soviet and Communist influence in Latin America , he authorized the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) to equip and train a group of anti - Sandinista Nicaraguans known as the Contras ( contrarevolucionários or “ counter - revolutionaries ” ) to oust Ortega .
This is often called the winner - take - all system .
One half , called simply the Democratic Party , was the party of Jackson ; it continued to advocate for the common people by championing westward expansion and opposing a national bank .
For example , relative humidity rises in the evening , as air temperature declines , sometimes reaching the dew point .
Both give information that differs from that obtained by measuring the electric fields of these organs ( ECGs and EEGs ) , but they are not yet of sufficient importance to make these difficult measurements common .
Because of its shape , the field inside a solenoid can be very uniform , and also very strong .
In the 2012 Wisconsin gubernatorial recall election , Scott Walker ’s supporters were allegedly given free air time to raise funds and ask for volunteers while opponent Tom Barrett ’s supporters were not .
1849 .
And , while we traditionally think of property owners as relatively well - off people whose rights do n’t necessarily need protecting since they can fend for themselves in the political system , frequently these cases pit lower- and middle - class homeowners against multinational corporations or multimillionaires with the ear of city and state officials .
Other factors influence species richness as well .
Those who buy the stock become the owners , or shareholders , of the firm .
As mentioned in the chapter opening , Turner announced his Frontier Thesis — that American democracy was largely formed by the American frontier — at the Chicago World ’s Colombian Exposition .
The national legislature created by the article reflects the compromises reached by the delegates regarding such issues as representation , slavery , and national power .
4885 .
4488 .
As the interest rate rises , consumers will reduce the quantity that they borrow .
Many chemoautotrophs in hydrothermal vents use hydrogen sulfide ( H2S ) , which is released from the vents as a source of chemical energy .
5908 .
“ 2012 Presidential Campaign Finance , ” http://www.fec.gov/disclosurep/pnational.do;jsessionid=293EB5D0106C1C18892DC99478B01A46.worker3 ( November 10 , 2015 ) .
In men , pelvic contractions are accompanied by a buildup of seminal fluid near the urethra that is ultimately forced out by contractions of genital muscles , ( i.e. , ejaculation ) .
578 .
Before the passage of the Americans with Disabilities Act ( ADA ) in 1990 , people in the United States with disabilities were often excluded from opportunities and social institutions many of us take for granted .
The soils of the Arctic tundra may remain in a perennially frozen state referred to as permafrost .
4080 .
For example , the disproportionate number of black men arrested , charged , and convicted of crimes may reflect racial profiling , a form of institutional racism .
3185 .
5690 .
4065 .
2571 .
When fertilization occurs between two true - breeding parents that differ in only one characteristic , the process is called a monohybrid cross , and the resulting offspring are monohybrids .
Certainly , court interpretations can change as times and circumstances change — and as the courts themselves change when new judges are selected and take their place on the bench .
} { } The Kelvin scale is the temperature scale that is commonly used in science .
For example , a firm should respond to a decrease in demand for its product by cutting its price to increase sales .
Southern blots are used to detect the presence of certain DNA sequences in a given genome , and northern blots are used to detect gene expression .
She was eventually revived , but her brain had been deprived of oxygen for a long time .
Resocialization is necessary when a person moves to a senior care center , goes to boarding school , or serves time in jail .
5399 .
4511 .
6449 .
4592 .
The prefix “ allo- ” means “ other ” ( recall from allopatric ) : therefore , an allopolyploid occurs when gametes from two different species combine .
If a newspaper article focuses on unemployment , struggling industries , and jobs moving overseas , the reader will have a negative opinion about the economy .
The walls of the microtubule are made of polymerized dimers of α - tubulin and β - tubulin , two globular proteins ( [ link ] ) .
The motion of falling objects , as covered in Problem - Solving Basics for One - Dimensional Kinematics , is a simple one - dimensional type of projectile motion in which there is no horizontal movement .
When neurotransmitter molecules bind to receptors located on a neuron ’s dendrites , ion channels open .
4845 .
In the key case of United States v. Pink ( 1942 ) , the Supreme Court ruled that executive agreements were legally equivalent to treaties provided they did not alter federal law .
550 .
For Freud , childhood experiences shape our personalities and behavior as adults .
In its resting state , the cell membrane is permeable to K+ K+ size 12 { " K " rSup { size 8 { + { } } } } { } and Cl - Cl- size 12 { " Cl " rSup { size 8 { + - { } } } } { } , and impermeable to Na+ Na+ size 12 { " Na " rSup { size 8 { + { } } } } { } .
Like friction , the drag force always opposes the motion of an object .
Is there a reason why unemployment and inflation seem to move in opposite directions : lower unemployment and higher inflation from 1997 to 2000 , higher unemployment and lower inflation in the early 2000s , lower unemployment and higher inflation in the mid-2000s , and then higher unemployment and lower inflation in 2009 ?
The easiest way to comprehend labor productivity is to imagine a Canadian worker who can make 10 loaves of bread in an hour versus a U.S. worker who in the same hour can make only two loaves of bread .
A major task beginning in childhood and continuing into adolescence is discerning right from wrong .
It is beyond the scope of this text to go into more detail on the types of quark and gluon interactions that underlie the observable particles , but the theory ( quantum chromodynamics or QCD ) is very self - consistent .
During the first episode , Colbert interviewed Ray Odierno , commanding general of the coalition forces stationed in Iraq .
Democritus called this the atom .
Of course , he did not literally mean that it is an advantage to have a lower standard of living .
1863 .
The haploid gametophyte produces the male and female gametes by mitosis in distinct multicellular structures .
All other physical quantities , such as force and electric charge , can be expressed as algebraic combinations of length , mass , time , and current ( for example , speed is length divided by time ) ; these units are called derived units .
The organism that receives the recombinant DNA is called a genetically modified organism ( GMO ) .
They proposed the negotiated rulemaking process , often referred to as regulatory negotiation , or “ reg - neg ” for short .
Therefore , the scientific name of the dog is Canis lupus .
While some portions of the FECA were ruled unconstitutional by the courts in Buckley v. Valeo ( 1976 ) , such as limits on personal spending on campaigns by candidates not using federal money , the FEC began enforcing campaign finance laws in 1976 .
At the last minute , Harry Burn abruptly changed his ballot .
Unlike the absolute threshold , the difference threshold changes depending on the stimulus intensity .
3479 .
1324 .
6929 .
Distance is defined to be the magnitude or size of displacement between two positions .
Elizabeth did sanction an early attempt at colonization in 1584 , when Sir Walter Raleigh , a favorite of the queen ’s , attempted to establish a colony at Roanoke , an island off the coast of present - day North Carolina .
It is relatively easy to wake someone from stage 1 sleep ; in fact , people often report that they have not been asleep if they are awoken during stage 1 sleep .
An empirical method for acquiring knowledge is one based on observation , including experimentation , rather than a method based only on forms of logical argument or previous authorities .
The mouth of a sea anemone is surrounded by tentacles that bear cnidocytes .
The number of supervisory and managerial positions has been reduced as companies streamline their command structures and industries continue to consolidate through mergers .
I - O psychologists are often involved in issues related to personnel management , organizational structure , and workplace environment .
For work , in the scientific sense , to be done , a force must be exerted and there must be displacement in the direction of the force .
At the equilibrium wage ( We ) , the equilibrium quantity ( Qe ) of labor supplied by workers should be equal to the quantity of labor demanded by employers .
1701 .
This phenomenon is called convergent evolution , where similar traits evolve independently in species that do not share a common ancestry .
1773 .
2391 .
This definition also includes re - emerging diseases that were previously under control .
Theories are repeatedly checked against the world , but they tend to be too complex to be tested all at once ; instead , researchers create hypotheses to test specific aspects of a theory .
Vapor pressure is created by faster molecules that break away from the liquid or solid and enter the gas phase .
Note the change from patients to clients .
The exploitation of these new technologies provided opportunities for tremendous growth , and business entrepreneurs with financial backing and the right mix of business acumen and ambition could make their fortunes .
Personality refers to the long - standing traits and patterns that propel individuals to consistently think , feel , and behave in specific ways .
Labor productivity is the value that each employed person creates per unit of his or her input .
5795 .
Cochlear implants are electronic devices that consist of a microphone , a speech processor , and an electrode array .
From this perspective , all that monetary policy can do is to lead to low inflation or high inflation — and low inflation provides a better climate for a healthy and growing economy .
Also , Social Security is funded by payroll taxes , which are imposed on the income earned up to a certain amount — $ 117,000 in 2014 .
208 .
Research suggests that implicit racial prejudice and stereotypes affect perception .
In a lucid dream , a person becomes aware of the fact that they are dreaming , and as such , they can control the dream ’s content ( LaBerge , 1990 ) .
Richard Nixon ’s vice president Spiro Agnew is an example .
Plantar flexion is a bending at the ankle when the heel is lifted , such as when standing on the toes .
2719 .
All of our senses , with the exception of smell , are routed through the thalamus before being directed to other areas of the brain for processing ( [ link ] ) .
The Republicans also passed the Legal Tender Act of 1862 , calling for paper money — known as greenbacks — to be printed [ link ] ) .
size 12 { d ` " sin " θ = mλ , ` m = 0 , ` 1 , ` -1 , ` 2 , ` -2 , ` dotslow } { } Similarly , to obtain destructive interference for a double slit , the path length difference must be a half - integral multiple of the wavelength , or
The SI unit for time , the second ( abbreviated s ) , has a long history .
At the original equilibrium ( E0 ) , where the demand for U.S. dollars ( D0 ) intersects with the supply of U.S. dollars ( S0 ) on the foreign exchange market , the exchange rate is 0.9 euros per U.S. dollar and the equilibrium quantity traded in the market is $ 100 billion per day ( which was roughly the quantity of dollar – euro trading in exchange rate markets in the mid- 2000s ) .
Mental HealthPeople with mental disorders ( a condition that makes it more difficult to cope with everyday life ) and people with mental illness ( a severe , lasting mental disorder that requires long - term treatment ) experience a wide range of effects .
In contrast , downward mobility indicates a lowering of one ’s social class .
The indirect mechanism of GH action is mediated by insulin - like growth factors ( IGFs ) or somatomedins , which are a family of growth - promoting proteins produced by the liver , which stimulates tissue growth .
Point mutations are those mutations that affect a single base pair .
Phloem is the second type of vascular tissue ; it transports sugars , proteins , and other solutes throughout the plant .
Nearly all living organisms carry out glycolysis as part of their metabolism .
During the primary immune response , memory cells do not respond to antigens and do not contribute to host defenses .
The root ology denotes scientific study of , and psychology refers to the scientific study of the mind .
MRI is based on an effect called nuclear magnetic resonance ( NMR ) in which an externally applied magnetic field interacts with the nuclei of certain atoms , particularly those of hydrogen ( protons ) .
5313 .
3521 .
6307 .
6755 .
5858 .
Transformers do what their name implies — they transform voltages from one value to another ( The term voltage is used rather than emf , because transformers have internal resistance ) .
In some countries today , the elderly still have influence and power and their vast knowledge is respected .
A symbiont is a plant in a symbiotic relationship , with special adaptations such as mycorrhizae or nodule formation .
While monetary policy is made by policymakers at the Federal Reserve , fiscal policy is made by Congress and the President . The discussion of fiscal policy focuses on how federal government taxing and spending affects aggregate demand .
Each segment of current produces a magnetic field like that of a long straight wire , and the total field of any shape current is the vector sum of the fields due to each segment .
2260 .
Consequently , they have to be supplemented through ingestion via the diet .
999 .
When William Howard Taft became president in 1909 , he chose to adapt Roosevelt ’s foreign policy philosophy to one that reflected American economic power at the time .
These initiatives greatly expanded the role of the federal government in providing a social safety net . Karen Tumulty , “ ‘ Great Society ’ Agenda Led to Great — and Lasting — Philosophical Divide , ” Washington Post , 8 January 2014 . http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/great-society-agenda-led-to-great--and-lasting--philosophical-divide/2014/01/08/b082e5d0-786d-11e3-b1c5-739e63e9c9a7_story.html .
We may first become aware of politics by watching a parent or guardian vote , for instance , or by hearing presidents and candidates speak on television or the Internet , or seeing adults honor the American flag at an event ( [ link ] ) .
3325 .
To prevent this , the Fed stands ready to lend to banks and other financial institutions when they can not obtain funds from anywhere else .
3441 .
The principal characteristics of all the animals in this phylum are functional segmentation of the body and presence of jointed appendages .
6977 .
Richard Gonzales , “ Supreme Court Rejects NRA Challenge to San Francisco Gun Rules , ” National Public Radio , 8 June 2015 . http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2015/06/08/412917394/supreme-court-rejects-nra-challenge-to-s-f-gun-rules ( March 4 , 2016 ) .
It was described by Edwin Locke ( 1976 ) as the state of feeling resulting from appraising one ’s job experiences .
Eating and the pleasure derived from sucking ( nipples , pacifiers , and thumbs ) play a large part in a baby ’s first year of life .
Why the Electoral College is Bad for America , 2nd .
Moreover , filibusters are not permitted on the annual budget reconciliation act ( the Reconciliation Act of 2010 was the act under which the implementing legislation for Obamacare was passed ) .
How is sensory input , such as pressure on the skin , changed to a receptor potential ?
During the first week after conception , the zygote divides and multiplies , going from a one - cell structure to two cells , then four cells , then eight cells , and so on .
It was not until 1905 , when Einstein published his first paper on special relativity , that the currently accepted conclusion was reached .
5363 .
The British then boarded the ship and took four sailors .
Influenced by his mentor , Salmon P. Chase , Bingham was a strong supporter of the antislavery cause ; after Chase lost the Republican presidential nomination to Abraham Lincoln ( b ) , Bingham became one of the president ’s most ardent supporters .
The clade Petromyzontidae includes approximately 35–40 or more species of lampreys .
4542 .
The Constitution allocated more power to the federal government by effectively adding two new branches : a president to head the executive branch and the Supreme Court to head the judicial branch .
Notice that the magnitude changes , but the direction stays the same .
This approach asks , “ What is normal development ? ”
6763 .
The point where the supply curve ( S ) and the demand curve ( D ) cross , designated by point E in [ link ] , is called the equilibrium .
Breaking Through the Noise : Presidential Leadership , Public Opinion , and the News Media . Stanford , CA : Stanford University Press .
The Help America Vote Act of 2002 ( HAVA ) was passed in order to reform voting across the states and reduce these problems .
The three ossicles are the malleus ( also known as the hammer ) , the incus ( the anvil ) , and stapes ( the stirrup ) .
2075 .
6265 .
1260 .
High blood glucose levels make it difficult for the kidneys to recover all the glucose from nascent urine , resulting in glucose being lost in urine .
One important regulator of sleep - wake cycles is the hormone melatonin .
4577 .
637 .
The decoding of one molecule to another is performed by specific proteins and RNAs .
Together , these observations led to the development of the Chromosomal Theory of Inheritance , which identified chromosomes as the genetic material responsible for Mendelian inheritance .
People with low levels of efficacy are less likely to participate in politics , including voting and joining interest groups .
Remember that the amount of money and credit in an economy is determined by a money multiplier — a process of loans being made , money being deposited , and more loans being made .
Two of the parietal lobe ’s main functions are processing somatosensation — touch sensations like pressure , pain , heat , cold — and processing proprioception — the sense of how parts of the body are oriented in space .
Viral genomes tend to be small , containing only those genes that encode proteins that the virus can not get from the host cell .
Symptoms of the disease include the inability to differentiate between reality and imagination , inappropriate and unregulated emotional responses , difficulty thinking , and problems with social situations .
Gallup . 2015 .
For example , policies that impose price controls — like rent control — may look as if they benefit renters and impose costs only on landlords .
The next section explains how banks function and how a nation ’s banking system has the power to create money .
5469 .
Scientists interested in both physiological aspects of sensory systems as well as in the psychological experience of sensory information work within the area of sensation and perception ( [ link ] ) .
672 .
Sure , per capita GDP increased substantially from 1970 to 2014 , but is the average person in the U.S. economy really more than eight times better off in just 44 years ?
6693 .
6267 .
It is well known that the North American , and to some degree Eurasian , megafauna , or large animals , disappeared toward the end of the last glaciation period .
In making decisions about the money supply , a central bank decides whether to raise or lower interest rates and , in this way , to influence macroeconomic policy , whose goal is low unemployment and low inflation .
Discontent over the Affordable Care Act helped the Republicans capture the majority in the House of Representatives in the 2010 midterm elections .
5064 .
4037 .
Anapsids include extinct organisms and may , based on anatomy , include turtles .
There are three ways that offspring are produced following internal fertilization .
Harry Hopkins , formerly head of the CWA , took on the WPA and ran it until 1943 .
3120 .
In 1960 , John F. Kennedy ’s campaign used a Hollywood - style approach to promote his image as young and vibrant .
IGFs stimulate the uptake of amino acids from the blood , allowing the formation of new proteins , particularly in skeletal muscle cells , cartilage cells , and other target cells , as shown in [ link ] .
This process entails the reduction of atmospheric nitrogen to ammonia , by means of the enzyme nitrogenase .
2253 .
1431 .
The Supreme Court upheld the separate but equal doctrine in 1896 in Plessy v. Ferguson , consistent with the Fourteenth Amendment ’s equal protection clause , and allowed segregation to continue .
Shocks range in severity from painful , but otherwise harmless , to heart - stopping lethality .
Prosimians include the bush babies of Africa , the lemurs of Madagascar , and the lorises , pottos , and tarsiers of Southeast Asia .
At around 100 km above the surface of Earth we have a layer of charged particles , called the ionosphere .
1883 .
2308 .
The zygote will undergo many rounds of mitosis and give rise to a diploid multicellular plant called a sporophyte .
While women in many western states could vote sooner , all women were not able to exercise their right to vote nationwide until passage of the Nineteenth Amendment in 1920 , and they began to make up more than 5 percent of either chamber only in the 1990s .
Likewise , the sit - ins ( and sleep - ins and pray - ins ) staged by African American civil rights activists , which they employed successfully to desegregate lunch counters , motels , and churches , have been adopted today by movements such as Black Lives Matter and Occupy Wall Street ( [ link ] ) .
In other words , researchers study how the same genotype can lead to very different phenotypes .
This condition is always the case when the acceleration of the system is zero and accelerated rotation does not occur .
Although a nation can protect biodiversity within its own borders , no nation acting alone can protect biodiversity around the world .
Psychotropic medications are drugs that treat psychiatric symptoms by restoring neurotransmitter balance .
Tracheids are xylem cells with thick secondary cell walls that are lignified .
2803 .
3906 .
658 .
The physical symptoms of psychophysiological disorders are real and they can be produced or exacerbated by psychological factors ( hence the psycho and physiological in psychophysiological ) .
This helps explain why relapse rates tend to be high .
At this point , it should be clear to you that eukaryotic cells have a more complex structure than prokaryotic cells .
6787 .
This pattern is common enough that these goods are referred to as normal goods .
Anything below 7.0 ( ranging from 0.0 to 6.9 ) is acidic , and anything above 7.0 ( from 7.1 to 14.0 ) is alkaline .
This is called the multiplier effect : An initial increase in spending , cycles repeatedly through the economy and has a larger impact than the initial dollar amount spent .
What they found became known as the Zeeman effect , which involved spectral lines being split into two or more separate emission lines by an external magnetic field , as shown in [ link ] .
The second theme is tradeoffs .
The American Civil Liberties Union and other groups argued that it placed an unfair burden on people who were poor , older , or had limited finances , while the state argued that it would prevent fraud .
Episodic memory is information about events we have personally experienced .
Flowers pollinated by wind are usually small , feathery , and visually inconspicuous .
Participants in financial markets must decide when they prefer to consume goods : now or in the future .
Children with easy temperaments demonstrate positive emotions , adapt well to change , and are capable of regulating their emotions .
Zimmerman was not arrested until April 11 , when he was charged with second - degree murder by special prosecutor Angela Corey .
Recall that the elasticity between these two points was 0.45 .
Diego likely has attention deficit / hyperactivity disorder ( ADHD ) .
The immune reaction that results from immediate hypersensitivities in which an antibody - mediated immune response occurs within minutes of exposure to a harmless antigen is called an allergy .
The sum of all the income received for contributing resources to GDP is called national income ( Y ) .
With each ACA case it has decided , the Supreme Court has served as the umpire , upholding the law and some of its provisions on one hand , but ruling some aspects of it unconstitutional on the other .
Diffusion is a passive process of transport .
The Third Amendment says in full :
4101 .
3047 .
5356 .
Arachidic acid is derived from Arachis hypogea , the scientific name for groundnuts or peanuts .
4785 .
Plurality voting , commonly referred to as first - past - the - post , is based on the principle that the individual candidate with the most votes wins , whether or not he or she gains a majority ( 51 percent or greater ) of the total votes cast .
The simplest arrangement of conductive cells shows a pattern of xylem at the center surrounded by phloem .
Citizens use two methods to form an opinion about an issue or candidate .
Collectively , this network of protein fibers is known as the cytoskeleton .
The effect of a market exchange on a third party who is outside or “ external ” to the exchange is called an externality .
The kinetoplastid subgroup is named after the kinetoplast , a DNA mass carried within the single , oversized mitochondrion possessed by each of these cells .
4546 .
A third very interesting group of bacteria synthesize sugars , not by using sunlight ’s energy , but by extracting energy from inorganic chemical compounds ; hence , they are referred to as chemoautotrophs .
If the fruit develops from a single carpel or fused carpels of a single ovary , it is known as a simple fruit , as seen in nuts and beans .
Macrophages recognize PAMPs via complementary pattern recognition receptors ( PRRs ) .
After losing a legal battle against the NMDAA , all states were in compliance by 1988 .
Passed in 1870 and 1871 , the Enforcement Acts or “ Force Acts ” were designed to outlaw intimidation at the polls and to give the federal government the power to prosecute crimes against freed people in federal rather than state courts .
The planetary model of the atom pictures low - mass electrons orbiting a large - mass nucleus .
After initial briefs have been filed , both parties may file subsequent briefs in response to the first .
1309 .
1999 .
4560 .
Cognitive therapy was developed by psychiatrist Aaron Beck in the 1960s .
Television was also useful to combat scandals and accusations of impropriety .
In a rooted tree , the branching indicates evolutionary relationships ( [ link ] ) .
3175 .
Heirloom seeds come from plants that were traditionally grown in human populations , as opposed to the seeds used for large - scale agricultural production .
The following Clear It Up feature discusses where some of these losses might come from , and the reasons why some firms go out of business . Why do firms cease to exist ?
Individually , the protestors would likely have received little notice , but by joining with others , they drew substantial attention in the media and from lawmakers ( [ link ] ) .
{ } The Kelvin scale is the temperature scale that is commonly used in science .
The cell cycle is an orderly sequence of events that describes the stages of a cell ’s life from the division of a single parent cell to the production of two new daughter cells .
Fusion of the male and females gametes forms the diploid zygote , which develops into the sporophyte .
The term medicalization of deviance refers to the process that changes “ bad ” behavior into “ sick ” behavior .
This raises the question of how the media , even general newscasts , can affect citizens .
5212 .
It receives sensory and motor inputs from the body and also receives feedback from the cortex .
( credit left : modification of work by “ Fibonacci Blue ” / Flickr ; credit right : modification of work by LaDawna Howard )
When a firm decides to sell stock , which in turn can be bought and sold by financial investors , it is called a public company .
Many of us experience unwanted thoughts from time to time ( e.g. , craving double cheeseburgers when dieting ) , and many of us engage in repetitive behaviors on occasion ( e.g. , pacing when nervous ) .
They are found along the “ carbon backbone ” of macromolecules .
4937 .
For PTSD to be diagnosed , these symptoms must occur for at least one month .
On the other hand , congressional - executive agreements , like the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) , are negotiated by the president and then approved by a simple majority of the House and Senate ( rather than a two - thirds vote in the Senate as is the case for a treaty ) .
This is a segment of a polysonograph ( PSG ) , a recording of several physical variables during sleep .
To entice even more migrants to the New World , the Virginia Company also implemented the headright system , in which those who paid their own passage to Virginia received fifty acres plus an additional fifty for each servant or family member they brought with them .
Some waged undeclared wars , as John Adams did against the French in the Quasi - War ( 1798–1800 ) .
The party members at the caucus also help select delegates , who represent their choice at the party ’s state- or national - level nominating convention .
This type of communion might be experienced when people are pray or meditate .
The phylum derives its name from the first pair of appendages : the chelicerae ( [ link ] ) , which are specialized , claw - like or fang - like mouthparts .
244 .
La Follette subsequently served as a popular U.S. senator from Wisconsin from 1906 through 1925 , and ran for president on the Progressive Party ticket in 1924 .
These unused structures without function are called vestigial structures .
These animals are called diploblasts .
3350 .
The corpus callosum allows the two hemispheres to communicate with each other and allows for information being processed on one side of the brain to be shared with the other side .
Modern conservatism differs from traditional conservatism in assuming elected government will guard individual liberties and provide laws .
However , when it came time to ratify the Constitution , a number of states requested that an amendment be added explicitly identifying the reserved powers of the states .
4551 .
The Constitution does not require the Speaker to be a member of the House , although to date , all fifty - four Speakers have been .
Growth of the American Revolution : 1766 - 1775 .
When a person first perceives something as stressful ( Selye ’s alarm reaction ) , the sympathetic nervous system triggers arousal via the release of adrenaline from the adrenal glands .
In order to conduct an experiment , a researcher must have a specific hypothesis to be tested .
1508 .
The European Union has strong programs to invest in scientific research .
Johnson declared a “ War on Poverty , ” instituting a package of Great Society programs designed to improve circumstances for lower - income Americans across the nation .
The heart muscle will die without a steady supply of blood .
Because of social roles , people tend to know what behavior is expected of them in specific , familiar settings .
4142 .
Liquids can , for example , be held in open containers because cohesive forces hold the molecules together .
The danger of using live vaccines , which are usually more effective than killed vaccines , is the low but significant danger that these viruses will revert to their disease - causing form by back mutations .
Brad Plumer , “ Everything you need to know about the assault weapons ban , in one post , ” The Washington Post , 17 December 2012 . https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2012/12/17/everything-you-need-to-know-about-banning-assault-weapons-in-one-post/ ( March 1 , 2016 ) .
The segregation of alleles into gametes can be influenced by linkage , in which genes that are located physically close to each other on the same chromosome are more likely to be inherited as a pair .
6760 .
4006 .
4122 .
1063 .
Without a large sample size , it is less likely that the bell curve will represent the wider population .
The sternum of birds is larger than that of other vertebrates , which accommodates the large muscles required to generate enough upward force to generate lift with the flapping of the wings .
In another direct mechanism , GH stimulates glycogen breakdown in the liver ; the glycogen is then released into the blood as glucose .
To be diagnosed with major depressive disorder , a person must have experienced a severely depressed mood lasting longer than two weeks along with other symptoms including a loss of enjoyment in activities that were previously enjoyed , changes in appetite and sleep schedules , difficulty concentrating , feelings of worthlessness , and suicidal thoughts .
79 .
5183 .
To form a channel , this type of cell - surface receptor has an extensive membrane - spanning region .
Analytical intelligence is closely aligned with academic problem solving and computations .
They are allowed to purchase U.S. Treasury securities but , to protect depositors , they are not permitted to invest in the stock market or other assets that are perceived as too risky .
This total energy change in the system is called enthalpy and is denoted as ∆H .
The “ borderline ” in borderline personality disorder was originally coined in the late 1930s in an effort to describe patients who appeared anxious , but were prone to brief psychotic experiences — that is , patients who were thought to be literally on the borderline between anxiety and psychosis ( Freeman , Stone , Martin , & Reinecke , 2005 ) .
Retroactive interference happens when information learned more recently hinders the recall of older information .
( The entire FM radio band lies between channels 88 MHz and 174 MHz . )
However , the wings of bats and insects have evolved from very different original structures .
We define percent relative humidity as the ratio of vapor density to saturation vapor density , or
To symbolically communicate social standing , people often engage in conspicuous consumption , which is the purchase and use of certain products to make a social statement about status .
5201 .
Among those not in attendance were John Adams and Thomas Jefferson , both of whom were overseas representing the country as diplomats .
It is believed that early animal life , termed Ediacaran biota , evolved from protists at this time .
The binding of eIF-2 to the RNA is controlled by phosphorylation .
Because externalities that occur in market transactions affect other parties beyond those involved , they are sometimes called spillovers . Externalities can be negative or positive .
The outermost layer is a tough connective tissue layer called the renal fascia .
Persuasion is the process of changing our attitude toward something based on some kind of communication .
Rotating shift work refers to a work schedule that changes from early to late on a daily or weekly basis .
Banks play a vital role in any economy in facilitating transactions and in making loans to firms and consumers .
150 .
The cilia propel waste matter down the tubules and out of the body through excretory pores that open on the body surface ; cilia also draw water from the interstitial fluid , allowing for filtration .
In dicots , the seed coat is further divided into an outer coat known as the testa and inner coat known as the tegmen .
6971 .
2911 .
Other controversial matters , which had been simmering over time , complicated the problem further .
Their theory is called levels of processing .
Delegates from small states objected to this Virginia Plan .
In larger organisms , cells combine to make tissues , which are groups of similar cells carrying out similar or related functions .
Aubrey Williams , the director of the NYA , hired more black administrators than any other federal agency , and appointed them to oversee projects throughout the country .
Finally , meiosis takes place in the gametangia ( singular , gametangium ) organs , in which gametes of different mating types are generated .
3218 .
Elizabeth Lehman , “ Trend Shows Generation Focuses Mostly on Social , National Issues , ” http://www.thenewsoutlet.org/survey-local-millennials-more-interested-in-big-issues/ ( March 15 , 2016 ) .
3488 .
According to the World Health Organization ( WHO ) an emerging disease ( [ link ] ) is one that has appeared in a population for the first time , or that may have existed previously but is rapidly increasing in incidence or geographic range .
In the former , if one person withdraws , the group can no longer exist .
At excitatory synapses , this opening allows positive ions to enter the neuron and results in depolarization of the membrane — a decrease in the difference in voltage between the inside and outside of the neuron .
Erik Erikson ( 1902 – 1994 ) ( [ link ] ) , another stage theorist , took Freud ’s theory and modified it as psychosocial theory .
This drive was actually an extension of the earlier military conflict between Christians and Muslims for domination of the Holy Land ( the Biblical region of Palestine ) , known as the Crusades .
( See [ link ] . )
Hammer v. Dagenhart , 247 U.S. 251 ( 1918 ) .
Its cost as well as the politics of international research funding led to its demise .
The name tunicate derives from the cellulose - like carbohydrate material , called the tunic , which covers the outer body of tunicates .
Lessons will also try to personalize government and make leaders relatable to children .
Clearly , then , new civil rights issues can emerge over time .
Most heat engines , such as reciprocating piston engines and rotating turbines , use cyclical processes .
838 .
This system of rewarding party loyalists is known as the spoils system ( from the expression , “ To the victor belong the spoils ” ) .
Soil particles that are 0.1 to 2 mm in diameter are sand .
Finally , consider the intermediate zone of the SRAS curve in [ link ] .
The FEC ’s enforcement of the law spurred numerous court cases challenging it .
This system reflected the Spanish view of colonization : the king rewarded successful conquistadors who expanded the empire .
The blood then continues through the rest of the body before arriving back at the atrium ; this is called systemic circulation .
It also created the first - ever budget staff at the disposal of a president , at the time called the Bureau of the Budget but decades later renamed the Office of Management and Budget ( [ link ] ) .
6582 .
( The right to petition the government did , however . )
The velocity of money in a year is defined as :
Native Americans born before the act took effect , who had not already become citizens as a result of the Dawes Severalty Act or service in the army in World War I , had to wait until the Nationality Act of 1940 to become citizens .
One long - standing concern about having the central bank focus on inflation and unemployment is that it may be overlooking certain other economic problems that are coming in the future .
2207 .
When economists talk about supply , they mean the amount of some good or service a producer is willing to supply at each price .
Indeed , Hamilton argued in Federalist No . 70 , instead of being afraid that the president would become a tyrant , Americans should realize that it was easier to control one person than it was to control many .
In June 1969 , gay men , lesbians , and transgender people erupted in violence when New York City police attempted to arrest customers at a gay bar in Greenwich Village called the Stonewall Inn .
Another area in which the Supreme Court gradually moved to incorporate the Bill of Rights regards censorship and the Fourteenth Amendment .
2711 .
6481 .
1388 .
Topoisomerase prevents the over - winding of the DNA double helix ahead of the replication fork as the DNA is opening up ; it does so by causing temporary nicks in the DNA helix and then resealing it .
The space between the arachnoid and pia maters is filled with cerebrospinal fluid ( CSF ) .
Food reserves are stored in the large endosperm .
Foster parents account for about a quarter of nonrelatives .
A final approach to exchange rate policy is for a nation to choose a common currency shared with one or more nations is also called a merged currency .
Functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) operates on the same principles , but it shows changes in brain activity over time by tracking blood flow and oxygen levels .
The spatial resolution of this technique is poor , about 1 cm , but the contrast ( i.e .
They carry the genetic blueprint of a cell and carry instructions for the functioning of the cell .
The rectum is the terminal end of the large intestine , as shown in [ link ] .
In a mixture of gases , the total pressure is the sum of partial pressures of the component gases , assuming ideal gas behavior and no chemical reactions between the components .
Grandfather clauses exempted individuals from taking literacy tests or paying poll taxes if they or their fathers or grandfathers had been permitted to vote prior to a certain point in time .
No matter what research approach they use , researchers want to maximize the study ’s reliability , which refers to how likely research results are to be replicated if the study is reproduced .
The atrium collects blood that has returned from the body and the ventricle pumps the blood to the gills where gas exchange occurs and the blood is re - oxygenated ; this is called gill circulation .
2869 .
If you have read or watched the news for the past several years , perhaps you have heard the names Janet Yellen , Ben Bernanke , or Alan Greenspan .
They must also develop strategies to effectively address the needs of various populations for which Eurocentric therapies have limited application ( Sue , 2004 ) .
4878 .
Osteoblasts at the bone surface secrete bone matrix , and osteoclasts on the inner surface break down bone .
In proofreading , the DNA pol reads the newly added base before adding the next one , so a correction can be made .
1987 .
Both supporters and opponents of the law have claimed victory and faced defeat .
A person ’s genotype is the genetic makeup of that individual .
This is an example of the process of institutionalization , the act of implanting a convention or norm into society .
The amount that a seller is paid for a good minus the seller ’s actual cost is called producer surplus .
3078 .
669 .
5666 .
Such light is said to be unpolarized because it is composed of many waves with all possible directions of polarization .
Dwight D. Eisenhower .
On newspaper staffs , women reported having to fight for assignments to well - published beats , or to be assigned areas or topics , such as the economy or politics , that were normally reserved for male journalists .
Spending on new capital goods is called investment expenditure .
Amid revelations of widespread fraud , including the disclosure that some $ 300,000 was missing from the Treasury Department , Jackson removed almost 50 percent of appointed civil officers , which allowed him to handpick their replacements .
Similarly , purposive incentives focus on the issues or causes promoted by the group .
In January 1790 , he delivered his “ Report on Public Credit “ ( [ link ] ) , addressing the pressing need of the new republic to become creditworthy .
1079 .
As an additional safeguard , the delegates created the Electoral College , the mechanism for choosing the president .
The amount of movement in these types of joints is determined by the length of the connective tissue fibers .
5557 .
1189 .
In 1971 , the Federal Election Campaign Act was passed , setting limits on how much presidential and vice - presidential candidates and their families could donate to their own campaigns . Wright , Interest Groups and Congress : Lobbying , Contributions , and Influence ; Rozell , Wilcox , and Franz , Interest Groups in American Campaigns : The New Face of Electioneering .
4858 .
The act protected the rights of minority voters by prohibiting state laws that denied voting rights based on race .
Failures , insufficiencies , or delays at any level of the immune response can allow pathogens or tumor cells to gain a foothold and replicate or proliferate to high enough levels that the immune system becomes overwhelmed .
Not all antibodies bind with the same strength , specificity , and stability .
The iron becomes a permanent magnet with the poles aligned as shown : its south pole is adjacent to the north pole of the original magnet , and its north pole is adjacent to the south pole of the original magnet .
If a nonpathogenic bacterium takes up DNA for a toxin gene from a pathogen and incorporates the new DNA into its own chromosome , it too may become pathogenic .
855 .
A simplified theory of color vision is that there are three primary colors corresponding to the three types of cones .
The periderm substitutes for the epidermis in mature plants .
22 .
Average velocity is displacement ( change in position ) divided by the time of travel ,
In essence , Goffman ( 1963 ) suggests we might view illness as a stigma that can push others to view the ill in an undesirable manner .
These government institutions are represented by a legislative liaison , whose job is to present issues to decision - makers .
5160 .
The carboxyl group of one amino acid and the amino group of the incoming amino acid combine , releasing a molecule of water .
The third theme is economic efficiency , or getting the most benefit from scarce resources .
6615 .
5016 .
6209 .
Individuals in the Medicaid program receive a fairly comprehensive set of health benefits , although access to health care may be limited because fewer providers accept payments from the program ( it pays them less for services than does Medicare ) .
In order for a memory to go into storage ( i.e. , long - term memory ) , it has to pass through three distinct stages : Sensory Memory , Short - Term Memory , and finally Long - Term Memory .
In [ link ] , the original equilibrium ( E0 ) in the financial capital market occurs at a quantity of $ 800 billion and an interest rate of 6 % .
The xylem and phloem always lie adjacent to each other ( [ link ] ) .
This is an example of the law of diminishing marginal utility , which holds that the additional utility decreases with each unit added .
In 1946 , Mexican American parents in California , with the assistance of the NAACP , sued several California school districts that forced Mexican and Mexican American children to attend segregated schools .
Then , those values can be used to determine the price elasticity of demand : Price Elasticity of Demand=% change in quantity% change in price=–11.768=1.47Price Elasticity of Demand=% change in quantity% change in price=–11.768=1.47Therefore , the elasticity of demand from G to H 1.47 .
2922 .
The identity begins with a statement that must always hold true : the quantity of financial capital supplied in the market must equal the quantity of financial capital demanded .
More recently , presidents have offered their own interpretation of legislation as they sign it via signing statements ( discussed later in this chapter ) directed to the bureaucratic entity charged with implementation .
3844 .
Some people who are exposed to chronically stressful work conditions can experience job burnout , which is a general sense of emotional exhaustion and cynicism in relation to one ’s job ( Maslach & Jackson , 1981 ) .
This is the region of DNA to which RNA polymerase binds to initiate transcription .
The ratio of these values ( FEV1 / FVC ratio ) is used to diagnose lung diseases including asthma , emphysema , and fibrosis .
Buffers readily absorb excess H+ or OH – , keeping the pH of the body carefully maintained in the narrow range required for survival .
Recessive traits become latent , or disappear , in the offspring of a hybridization .
This vision of focusing monetary policy on a low rate of inflation is so attractive that many countries have rewritten their central banking laws since in the 1990s to have their bank practice inflation targeting , which means that the central bank is legally required to focus primarily on keeping inflation low .
6985 .
Each chamber has a parliamentarian , an advisor , typically a trained lawyer , who has studied the long and complex rules of the chamber .
One common symptom is hyperplasia , the abnormal proliferation of cells that causes the appearance of plant tumors known as galls .
When Washington declined to run again after two terms , matters worsened .
Of course , gold also has value because of its beauty and malleability in the creation of jewelry .
When both mating types are present in the same mycelium , it is called homothallic , or self - fertile .
A certain amount of unemployment is a direct result of the relative inflexibility of the labor market , considered structural unemployment , which describes when there is a societal level of disjuncture between people seeking jobs and the available jobs .
The fact that biology , as a science , has such a broad scope has to do with the tremendous diversity of life on earth .
This question was answered at a theoretical level in 1824 by a young French engineer , Sadi Carnot ( 1796 – 1832 ) , in his study of the then - emerging heat engine technology crucial to the Industrial Revolution .
In 1848 , Stanton and Mott called for a women ’s rights convention , the first ever held specifically to address the subject , at Seneca Falls , New York .
Solar intensity is the amount of solar power or energy the sun emits in a given amount of time .
5714 .
Each disc is part of a joint that allows for some movement of the spine and acts as a cushion to absorb shocks from movements such as walking and running .
American History from Revolution to Reconstruction and Beyond , “ Madison Speech Proposing the Bill of Rights June 8 1789 , ” http://www.let.rug.nl / usa / documents/1786 - 1800 / madison - speech - proposing - the - bill - of - rights - june-8 - 1789.php ( March 4 , 2016 ) .
If you are familiar with the phrase placebo effect , you already have some idea as to why this is an important consideration .
Federal Corrupt Practices Act of 1925 ; Hatch Act of 1939 ; Taft - Hartley Act of 1947
This is the resultant , or the sum , of the other vectors .
Profits , in turn , are also determined by the price of the outputs the firm sells and by the price of the inputs , like labor or raw materials , the firm needs to buy .
Perhaps the most famous example of x - ray diffraction is the discovery of the double - helix structure of DNA in 1953 by an international team of scientists working at the Cavendish Laboratory — American James Watson , Englishman Francis Crick , and New Zealand – born Maurice Wilkins .
Runners are a type of stolon that runs above the ground and produces new clone plants at nodes at varying intervals : strawberries are an example .
ADH release can be reduced by certain substances , including alcohol , which can cause increased urine production and dehydration .
Thus we can think of the electric field arrows as showing the direction of polarization , as in [ link ] .
These will be discussed in more detail in later sections .
In reaction , the Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act of 2002 , or McCain – Feingold , included a requirement that candidates stand by their ad and include a recorded statement within the ad stating that they approved the message .
6213 .
While stratification in the United States refers to the unequal distribution of resources among individuals , global stratification refers to this unequal distribution among nations .
“ Fighting Bob ” supported numerous Progressive ideas while governor : He signed into law the first workman ’s compensation system , approved a minimum wage law , developed a progressive tax law , adopted the direct election of U.S. senators before the subsequent constitutional amendment made it mandatory , and advocated for women ’s suffrage .
Proteins that are expressed from recombinant DNA molecules are called recombinant proteins .
2127 .
In this way , nothing passes through the cell membrane ; the hormone that binds at the surface remains at the surface of the cell while the intracellular product remains inside the cell .
Soil bacteria , collectively called rhizobia , symbiotically interact with legume roots to form specialized structures called nodules , in which nitrogen fixation takes place .
Individuals can experience upward or downward social mobility for a variety of reasons .
2615 .
Shippers and other businessmen , particularly in the sugar industry , supported American intervention to safeguard their own interests in the region .
The aggregate demand ( AD ) curve shows the total spending on domestic goods and services at each price level .
Other advocacy agencies frequently use the acronyms LBGT and LBGTQ , which stands for “ Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual , Transgender ” ( and “ Queer ” or “ Questioning ” when the Q is added).Sociologically , it is clear that gay and lesbian couples are negatively affected in states where they are denied the legal right to marriage .
Besides the classic military example and group initiation , can you think of other examples of cognitive dissonance ?
One of the earliest known tetrapods is from the genus Acanthostega .
Asylums were the first institutions created for the specific purpose of housing people with psychological disorders , but the focus was ostracizing them from society rather than treating their disorders .
The intestinal phase begins when chyme enters the small intestine triggering digestive secretions .
Mischel surveyed several decades of empirical psychological literature regarding trait prediction of behavior , and his conclusion shook the foundations of personality psychology .
Countries around the world have enacted laws to protect intellectual property , although the time periods and exact provisions of such laws vary across countries .
The Federal Reserve requires that banks keep a certain percentage of depositors ’ money on “ reserve , ” which means either in their vaults or kept at the Federal Reserve Bank .
1801 .
6199 .
In Trenton , New Jersey , he led his soldiers across the Delaware River and surprised an encampment of Hessians , German mercenaries hired by Great Britain to put down the American rebellion .
5821 .
Bony fishes are further divided into two extant clades : Actinopterygii ( ray - finned fishes ) and Sarcopterygii ( lobe - finned fishes ) .
This lack of conservation means that the forces between colliding objects may remove or add internal kinetic energy .
Second , money must serve as a store of value .
4055 .
Einstein essentially did the theoretical aspect of this method for relativity .
If glycolysis is interrupted , these cells lose their ability to maintain their sodium - potassium pumps , and eventually , they die .
Native Americans born before the act took effect , who had not already become citizens as a result of the Dawes Severalty Act or service in the army in World War I , had to wait until the Nationality Act of 1940 to become citizens .
Just as it would have been inappropriate and ultimately foolish to respond to the disruptions of new scientific technology by trying to shut it down , it would be inappropriate and ultimately foolish to respond to the disruptions of international trade by trying to restrict trade .
3842 .
Gastrulation leads to the formation of the three germ layers that give rise , during further development , to the different organs in the animal body .
2265 .
There are more candidates vying to become their party ’s nominee , and party identification is not a useful cue because each party has many candidates rather than just one .
4188 .
A microscope is an instrument that magnifies an object .
Sickle - cell anemia is a genetic condition in which red blood cells , which are normally round , take on a crescent - like shape ( [ link ] ) .
Hagfishes are eel - like scavengers that live on the ocean floor and feed on dead invertebrates , other fishes , and marine mammals ( [ link ] ) .
In a variable ratio reinforcement schedule , the number of responses needed for a reward varies .
( credit : Cherie Cullen )
2806 .
A primary appraisal involves judgment about the degree of potential harm or threat to well - being that a stressor might entail .
2739 .
Thus , increased diversity in state legislatures can have consequences for voter engagement and for the type of legislation pursued and passed within these bodies .
A participant in the Tuskegee Syphilis Study receives an injection .
Paleontology , another branch of biology , uses fossils to study life ’s history ( [ link ] ) .
4913 .
3808 .
However , the desire to sequence larger genomes , such as that of a human , led to the development of double - barrel shotgun sequencing , more formally known as pairwise - end sequencing .
5289 .
Contraction phases in which there is no economic growth for two consecutive quarters , called recessions , would bring business failures and higher unemployment .
For example , in Brown v. Board of Education ( 1954 ) , Oliver Brown was one of the thirteen parents who brought suit against the Topeka public schools for discrimination based on racial segregation .
While Cattell ’s 16 factors may be too broad , the Eysenck ’s two - factor system has been criticized for being too narrow .
5144 .
This goal , which must be reached before commercial plants can be a reality , has not been achieved .
First , the Cold War ended in 1989 with the demolition of the Berlin Wall , the subsequent disintegration of the Soviet Union , and the eventual opening up of Eastern European territories to independence and democracy .
It contains the medulla , pons , and cerebellum ( [ link ] ) .
Mendel ’s law of dominance states that in a heterozygote , one trait will conceal the presence of another trait for the same characteristic .
6418 .
Nucleotides preceding the initiation site are given negative numbers and are designated upstream .
For example , in Brown v. Board of Education ( 1954 ) , Oliver Brown was one of the thirteen parents who brought suit against the Topeka public schools for discrimination based on racial segregation .
6331 .
The Minangkabau people , a matrilocal society that is indigenous to the highlands of West Sumatra in Indonesia , believe that home is the place of women and they give men little power in issues relating to the home or family ( Joseph and Najmabadi 2003 ) .
The NWP held public protests and picketed outside the White House ( [ link ] ) .
After being arrested for possession of peyote , the two men were fired from their jobs as counselors at a private drug rehabilitation clinic .
In contrast , instrumental aggression is motivated by achieving a goal and does not necessarily involve intent to cause pain ( Berkowitz , 1993 ) ; a contract killer who murders for hire displays instrumental aggression .
3256 .
Furthermore , some bacteria will die during the experiment and thus not reproduce , lowering the growth rate .
826 .
This presumed loss of power could damage the state legislature ’s ability to adequately check the actions of the executive branch and to perform legislative functions , such as oversight .
The 2014 court decision not to hear a collection of cases from four different states essentially affirmed same - sex marriage in thirty states .
The chemical reactants to which an enzyme binds are the enzyme ’s substrates .
White men invested substantial sums in slaves , carefully calculating the annual returns they could expect from a slave as well as the possibility of greater profits through natural increase .
Although anxiety is universally experienced , anxiety disorders cause considerable distress .
Situationism is the view that our behavior and actions are determined by our immediate environment and surroundings .
In their attempts to limit abortion rights in the wake of the 1973 Roe v. Wade Supreme Court decision making abortion legal nationwide , anti - abortion advocates initially targeted Congress in hopes of obtaining restrictive legislation .
Efforts to preserve biodiversity take several lines of action , from preserving heirloom seeds to barcoding species .
The more radical National Woman ’s Party ( NWP ) , led by Alice Paul , advocated the use of stronger tactics .
Ruminants are mainly herbivores like cows , sheep , and goats , whose entire diet consists of eating large amounts of roughage or fiber .
Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission , 08 - 205 , 558 U.S. 310 ( 2010 ) . and the McCutcheon v. Federal Election Commission McCutcheon v. Federal Election Commission , 12 - 536 , 572 U.S. _ _ _ ( 2014 ) .
5460 .
5556 .
1147 .
The foot - in - the - door technique was demonstrated in a study by Freedman and Fraser ( 1966 ) in which participants who agreed to post small sign in their yard or sign a petition were more likely to agree to put a large sign in their yard than people who declined the first request ( [ link ] ) .
4825 .
That pact required Iran to halt further nuclear development and agree to nuclear inspections , while the United States and five other signatories lifted long - standing economic sanctions on Iran .
It is critical for classical conditioning and for attaching emotional value to learning processes and memory .
Arterioles diverge into capillary beds .
Soredia are dispersed by wind and water and form new lichens .
4816 .
As part of this process , the Republican Party pushed for a permanent end to slavery .
Despite acknowledging a common - law individual right to keep and bear arms , in 1876 the Supreme Court declined , in United States v. Cruickshank , to intervene to ensure the states would respect it .
Rogers focused on the idea that we need to achieve consistency between these two selves .
1288 .
The French king was executed in January 1793 ( [ link ] ) , and the next two years became known as the Terror , a period of extreme violence against perceived enemies of the revolutionary government .
Lateral meristems facilitate growth in thickness or girth in a maturing plant .
118 .
Performance appraisals are typically documented several times a year , often with a formal process and an annual face - to - face brief meeting between an employee and his supervisor .
Fueled by the First Amendment ’s protection of the press , journalists have long offered to keep sources confidential to protect them from government prosecution .
The x - rays pass through tissues of different densities at different rates , allowing a computer to construct an overall image of the area of the body being scanned .
Electrons occasionally scattered straight backward in a manner that implied a very small and very dense particle makes up the proton — this observation is considered nearly direct evidence of quarks .
More specifically , Article I , Section 8 , empowers Congress to establish a post office , build roads , regulate commerce , coin money , and regulate the value of money .
Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka , 347 U.S. 483 ( 1954 ) .
1922 .
2233 .
4184 .
The next year , in Worcester v. Georgia , the Court ruled that whites could not enter tribal lands without the tribe ’s permission .
The prefix “ auto- ” means “ self , ” so the term means multiple chromosomes from one ’s own species .
In an atmosphere of perceived weakness , the first chief justice , John Jay , an author of The Federalist Papers and appointed by President George Washington , resigned his post to become governor of New York and later declined President John Adams ’s offer of a subsequent term .
Conflict theory looks at society as a competition for limited resources .
Myc is a transcription factor that is aberrantly activated in Burkett ’s Lymphoma , a cancer of the lymph system .
A typical body cell , or somatic cell , contains two matched sets of chromosomes , a configuration known as diploid .
This diathesis - stress model suggests that people with an underlying predisposition for a disorder ( i.e. , a diathesis ) are more likely than others to develop a disorder when faced with adverse environmental or psychological events ( i.e. , stress ) , such as childhood maltreatment , negative life events , trauma , and so on .
These situations of reversible reactions are often denoted by a chemical equation with a double headed arrow pointing towards both the reactants and products .
2844 .
For example , this week you are studying about Freud ’s Psychoanalytic Theory .
The source water is usually cold , low in nutrients , and clear .
1231 .
The idea that behaviors evolved as a result of the pressures of natural selection is not new .
No energy system is one hundred percent efficient , and an animal ’s metabolism produces waste energy in the form of heat .
Both bonds that link the phosphates are equally high - energy bonds ( phosphoanhydride bonds ) that , when broken , release sufficient energy to power a variety of cellular reactions and processes .
5971 .
The tarsals are the seven bones of the ankle .
It is indispensable to conduct an extensive literature search to put the results in the context of previously published scientific research .
Later , he was discredited for allegedly fabricating some details of the story and The New Yorker issued an apology .
6025 .
Most famously , FDR used the radio to broadcast his thirty “ fireside chats ” to the nation between 1933 and 1944 . 6719 .
Although Authentic Chinese Pizza must compete against other pizza businesses and restaurants , it has a differentiated product .
In the 1960s , however , the Supreme Court ’s rulings on free expression became more liberal , in response to the Vietnam War and the growing antiwar movement .
6764 .
( Jackson had personal reasons for defending Eaton : he drew a parallel between Eaton ’s treatment and that of his late wife , Rachel , who had been subjected to attacks on her reputation related to her first marriage , which had ended in divorce . )
An individual with an error in chromosome number is described as aneuploid , a term that includes monosomy ( loss of one chromosome ) or trisomy ( gain of an extraneous chromosome ) .
4759 .
Another implication is that this leads to the experience of negative afterimages .
The structures of the inner ear are found in the labyrinth , a bony , hollow structure that is the most interior portion of the ear .
Bacterial cell walls contain peptidoglycan , composed of polysaccharide chains that are cross - linked by unusual peptides containing both L - and D - amino acids including D - glutamic acid and D - alanine .
702 .
Among a variety of neurobiological evidence , John Hobson cites research on lucid dreams as an opportunity to better understand dreaming in general .
Self - disclosure is part of the two way street .
2431 .
The army then used this authority to relocate people of Japanese ancestry living along the Pacific coast of Washington , Oregon , and California , as well as in parts of Arizona , to internment camps in the American interior .
5770 .
6979 .
Enantiomers are molecules that share the same chemical structure and chemical bonds but differ in the three - dimensional placement of atoms so that they are mirror images .
A person who makes $ 250,000 per year is likely to purchase more gasoline than a person who makes $ 50,000 per year ( [ link ] ) .
While cones are concentrated in the fovea , where images tend to be focused , rods , another type of photoreceptor , are located throughout the remainder of the retina .
Lignin itself is a complex polymer that is impermeable to water and confers mechanical strength to vascular tissue .
This is in marked contrast to theories of sex , gender , and sexuality that link male and female behavior to biological determinism , or the belief that men and women behave differently due to differences in their biology .
Economists call this positive relationship between price and quantity supplied — that a higher price leads to a higher quantity supplied and a lower price leads to a lower quantity supplied — the law of supply .
Waste particles are expelled by an exocytic vesicle that fuses at a specific region on the cell membrane , called the anal pore .
The cells , called chondrocytes , make the matrix and fibers of the tissue .
The reaction center contains a pair of chlorophyll a molecules with a special property .
1228 .
The limbic system includes the hypothalamus , thalamus , amygdala , and the hippocampus .
Just like the aggregate supply curve , the horizontal axis shows real GDP and the vertical axis shows the price level .
4349 .
321 .
Cross reactivity describes when an antibody binds not to the antigen that elicited its synthesis and secretion , but to a different antigen .
In [ link ] , a very large force acting for a short time had a great effect on the momentum of the tennis ball .
Old World monkeys are called Catarrhini — a reference to their narrow noses .
5620 .
This speech encapsulated what became known as the Bush Doctrine , the belief that the United States has the right to protect itself from terrorist acts by engaging in pre - emptive wars or ousting hostile governments in favor of friendly , preferably democratic , regimes .
2917 .
4563 .
How Do Nature and Nurture Influence Development ?
The DNA - histone complex is called chromatin .
In time of need , relatives , however far away , were counted upon to assist in supplying food or security .
A mother and father ’s DNA is passed on to the child at the moment of conception .
Because while some of them may share a sense of identity , they do not , as a whole , interact frequently with each other . Interestingly , people within an aggregate or category can become a group .
2858 .
However , increasing or decreasing the temperature outside of an optimal range can affect chemical bonds within the active site in such a way that they are less well suited to bind substrates .
Taxes also vary with marital status , family size , and other factors .
About 1 % of the population experiences schizophrenia in their lifetime , and usually the disorder is first diagnosed during early adulthood ( early to mid-20s ) .
“ Walter Cronkite ’s ‘ We Are Mired in Stalemate ’ Broadcast , February 27 , 1968 ” Digital History , http://www.digitalhistory.uh.edu / active_learning / explorations / vietnam / cronkite.cfm ( November 29 , 2015 ) .
377 .
These stages were first proposed by Richard Atkinson and Richard Shiffrin ( 1968 ) .
In 1973 , the American Psychological Association ended its classification of homosexuality as a mental disorder .
The Tuskegee Institute in Alabama had instituted a civilian pilot training program for aspiring African American pilots .
Bodies , like the Earth or the Sun , have what is called an escape velocity .
In this way , the original change in aggregate expenditures is actually spent more than once .
Marx defined four specific types of alienation .
These nutrients are termed essential nutrients , meaning they must be eaten , and the body can not produce them .
The pollen tube is guided by the chemicals secreted by the synergids present in the embryo sac , and it enters the ovule sac through the micropyle .
Some labeled this approach “ Mutually Assured Destruction ” or MAD .
Scientists are working to understand the common changes that give rise to certain types of cancer or how a modification might be exploited to destroy a tumor cell .
2548 .
After much debate , the Budget Control Act was passed by Congress and signed by President Obama .
One such model is called the acquisitive model of bureaucracy .
2337 .
The information eventually led to Nixon ’s resignation and the indictment of sixty - nine people in his administration .
He argued that stress can sometimes be a positive , motivating force that can improve the quality of our lives .
The British captured hundreds of American ships and their cargoes , increasing the possibility of war between the two countries .
He also ordered a naval quarantine placed around Cuba to prevent Soviet ships from approaching .
In his book , How the Other Half Lives ( 1890 ) , journalist and photographer Jacob Riis used photojournalism to capture the dismal and dangerous living conditions in working - class tenements in New York City ( [ link ] ) .
Simple Harmonic Motion ( SHM ) is the name given to oscillatory motion for a system where the net force can be described by Hooke ’s law , and such a system is called a simple harmonic oscillator .
Finally , a small number of governors , including the governor of Texas , also have the power of a reduction veto , which allows them to reduce the budget proposed in a piece of legislation .
You should also understand Keynesian and neoclassical frameworks for macroeconomic analysis and how these frameworks can be embodied in the aggregate demand / aggregate supply ( AD / AS ) model .
2531 .
This exoskeleton is made of the biological macromolecule chitin , which is a polysaccharide - containing nitrogen .
4849 .
The difference in total charge between the inside and outside of the cell is called the membrane potential .
5496 .
Where capital expense became a significant factor , larger commercial farms — known as “ bonanza farms”—began to develop .
Although these level lifetimes are short in human terms , they are many orders of magnitude longer than is typical and , thus , are said to be metastable , meaning relatively stable .
See Sal Castro . 2011 .
6154 .
Industrial - organizational psychologists may be involved in all aspects of downsizing : how the news is delivered to employees ( both those being let go and those staying ) , how laid - off employees are supported ( e.g. , separation packages ) , and how retained employees are supported .
Supporters and opponents of immigration look at the same data and see different patterns .
The first of these two freedoms is known as the establishment clause .
Sean Lengell , “ Boehner : Grover Norquist Just a ‘ Random ’ Guy , ” Washington Times , 3 November 2011 , http://www.washingtontimes.com/blog/inside-politics/2011/nov/3/boehner-grover-norquist-just-random-guy/ .
However , Rothman ’s entertaining article still offered fascinating descriptions of the inside workings of a “ dot com ” company and exemplified the lengths to which a sociologist will go to uncover material .
1990 .
In other words , there will be more nurses looking for jobs in the area . At equilibrium , the quantity supplied and the quantity demanded are equal .
For example , if you are female , your gender in - group includes all females , and your gender out - group includes all males ( [ link ] ) .
RQ varies between 0.7 and 1.0 .
It is acceptable to visualize light rays as laser rays ( or even science fiction depictions of ray guns ) .
At this point , the sodium channels will return to their resting state , meaning they are ready to open again if the membrane potential again exceeds the threshold potential .
Plants such as coleus and money plant are propagated through stem cuttings , where a portion of the stem containing nodes and internodes is placed in moist soil and allowed to root .
Sclerenchyma cells also provide support to the plant , but unlike collenchyma cells , many of them are dead at maturity .
Although several state constitutions do list the right to privacy as a protected right , the explicit recognition by the Supreme Court of a right to privacy in the U.S. Constitution emerged only in the middle of the twentieth century .
As scientists inquire and gather information about the world , they follow a process called the scientific method .
The region in space in which a given sensory receptor can respond to a stimulus , be it far away or in contact with the body , is that receptor ’s receptive field .
144 .
The SI unit for current is the ampere ( A ) , named for the French physicist André - Marie Ampère ( 1775 – 1836 ) .
The nucleotide pair in the DNA double helix that corresponds to the site from which the first 5 ' mRNA nucleotide is transcribed is called the +1 site , or the initiation site .
4368 .
4696 .
6348 .
Prior to the conflict , in Dred Scott v. Sandford , the Supreme Court ruled that the national government lacked the authority to ban slavery in the territories . Dred Scott v. Sandford , 60 U.S. 393 ( 1857 ) .
The three - dimensional placement of atoms and chemical bonds within organic molecules is central to understanding their chemistry .
The isolation and microscopic observation of chromosomes forms the basis of cytogenetics and is the primary method by which clinicians detect chromosomal abnormalities in humans .
Many young women of the era shed their mother ’s morality and adopted the dress and mannerisms of a flapper , the Jazz Age female stereotype , seeking the endless party .
James Madison put forward a proposition known as the Virginia Plan , which called for a strong national government that could overturn state laws ( [ link ] ) .
Philadelphia : Temple University Press .
The New Deal programs President Franklin D. Roosevelt proposed as a means to tackle the Great Depression ran afoul of the dual - federalism mindset of the justices on the Supreme Court in the 1930s .
Examples of herbivores , as shown in [ link ] include vertebrates like deer , koalas , and some bird species , as well as invertebrates such as crickets and caterpillars .
In a supply - and - demand model of a labor market , as illustrated in [ link ] , the labor market should move toward an equilibrium wage and quantity .
The P1 plants that Mendel used in his experiments were each homozygous for the trait he was studying .
Student protests spread across the Southwest , and in response many schools did change .
A representative sample is a subset of the population that accurately represents the general population .
1108 .
6955 .
The nucleotide pair in the DNA double helix that corresponds to the site from which the first 5 ' mRNA nucleotide is transcribed is called the +1 site , or the initiation site .
1986 ) occurs — an ongoing and intentional means of recruiting participants to the movement .
See note above .
Abandoning plurality voting , even if the winner - take - all election were kept , would almost certainly increase the number of parties from which voters could choose .
To obtain constructive interference for a double slit , the path length difference from two slits must be an integral multiple of the wavelength .
Humus improves soil structure and provides plants with water and minerals . 1214 .
The ratio of abnormal cells killed to normal cells killed is called the therapeutic ratio , and all radiotherapy techniques are designed to enhance this ratio .
The creation of genomic libraries and complementary DNA ( cDNA ) libraries ( collections of cloned sequences or all DNA from a genome ) has sped up the process of physical mapping .
Despite the Civil Rights Act , the black codes endured , forming the foundation of the racially discriminatory Jim Crow segregation policies that impoverished generations of African Americans .
In gymnosperms , pollination involves pollen transfer from the male cone to the female cone .
In monocots , the hypocotyl does not show above ground because monocots do not exhibit stem elongation .
3130 .
5636 .
These hypotheses are informed by a number of factors , including our personalities , experiences , and expectations .
Liverworts ( Hepaticophyta ) are viewed as the plants most closely related to the ancestor that moved to land .
6757 .
And despite Holder ’s statement , a 2013 memo by James Cole , the deputy attorney general , reminded states that marijuana use is still illegal .
Bipolar and related disorders are a group of disorders in which mania is the defining feature .
4036 .
467 .
In addition , approximately 30 percent of governors have the power of an amendatory veto , which allows them to send a bill back to the legislature and request a specific amendment to it .
Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka , 347 U.S. 483 ( 1954 ) .
Three of the most important components that affect the issues above are fertility , mortality , and migration . The fertility rate of a society is a measure noting the number of children born .
Neurons are the central building blocks of the nervous system , 100 billion strong at birth .
Nutrients that plants require in larger amounts are called macronutrients .
6974 .
Individual hydrogen bonds are weak and easily broken ; however , they occur in very large numbers in water and in organic polymers , creating a major force in combination .
The fibers can be arranged irregularly or regularly with the strands lined up in parallel .
4346 .
George C. Edwards III .
Many people confuse sound waves with radio waves , one type of electromagnetic ( EM ) wave .
In a representative democracy , however , the citizens do not govern directly .
852 .
Many Americans fear that a set of elite citizens is really in charge of government in the United States and that others have no influence .
777 .
Types of Groups
If so , read the following Clear It Up feature .
The Boston Port Act shut down Boston Harbor until the East India Company was repaid .
1527 .
588 .
The nucleus of the neuron is located in the soma , or cell body .
Values often suggest how people should behave , but they do n’t accurately reflect how people do behave .
The underlying goal of social control is to maintain social order , an arrangement of practices and behaviors on which society ’s members base their daily lives .
PrP exists in two forms , PrPc , the normal form of the protein , and PrPsc , the infectious form .
At the beginning of Pontiac ’s uprising , the British issued the Proclamation of 1763 , which forbade white settlement west of the Proclamation Line , a borderline running along the spine of the Appalachian Mountains ( [ link ] ) .
Lawrence R. Jacobs and Theda Skocpol 2010 . Health Care Reform and American Politics : What Everyone Needs to Know Oxford : Oxford University Press .
In 2014 , the Supreme Court decided not to hear several key case appeals from a variety of states , all of which were brought by opponents of marriage equality who had lost in the federal courts .
Finally , inducers are small molecules that either activate or repress transcription depending on the needs of the cell and the availability of substrate .
There does not seem to be a long - term trend toward the rate moving generally higher or generally lower .
Indeed , the Federalists did include in the Constitution some protections against legislative acts that might restrict the liberties of citizens , based on the history of real and perceived abuses by both British kings and parliaments as well as royal governors .
William E. Leuchtenburg , “ When Franklin Roosevelt Clashed with the Supreme Court — and Lost , ” Smithsonian Magazine , May 2005 . http://www.smithsonianmag.com/history/when-franklin-roosevelt-clashed-with-the-supreme-court-and-lost-78497994/ .
2313 .
Many life events that most people would consider pleasant ( e.g. , holidays , retirement , marriage ) are among those listed on the SRRS ; these are examples of eustress .
They argued for universal manhood suffrage , or voting rights for all white male adults .
Feeding behaviors that maximize energy gain and minimize energy expenditure are called optimal foraging behaviors , and these are favored by natural section .
2361 .
A single gene may have multiple possible variations , or alleles .
The Civil Rights Act of 1964 , which prohibited discrimination in employment on the basis of race , color , national origin , and religion , also prohibited , in Title VII , discrimination on the basis of sex .
[ link ] shows an example of a longitudinal wave .
The letter n is used to represent a single set of chromosomes ; therefore , a diploid organism is designated 2n .
1903 .
The other three types of cell walls are composed of polysaccharides , glycoproteins , or pure protein .
Grounding can be a useful safety tool .
Psychologists Hans and Sybil Eysenck were personality theorists ( [ link ] ) who focused on temperament , the inborn , genetically based personality differences that you studied earlier in the chapter .
Their levels increase when a plant is wounded by a predator , resulting in an increase in toxic secondary metabolites .
5244 .
1257 .
1868 .
Over the objections of slaveholders , it impressed slaves , seizing these workers from their owners and forcing them to work on fortifications and rail lines .
It was a scathing legal indictment of King George III for violating the colonists ’ liberties .
361 .
5450 .
Donald Trump may be the best example of shallower press coverage of a presidential election .
Over twenty - five thousand exodusters arrived in Kansas in 1879 – 1880 alone .
One common symptom is hyperplasia , the abnormal proliferation of cells that causes the appearance of plant tumors known as galls .
1445 .
The main fabric of the membrane is composed of amphiphilic , phospholipid molecules .
In 1994 , California voters passed Proposition 187 .
If a gene is to be transcribed , the histone proteins and DNA are modified surrounding the chromosomal region encoding that gene .
The capsid is made up of protein subunits called capsomeres .
What is the direction of the angular momentum of a rotating object like the disk in [ link ] ?
Remember that zero economic profit is not equivalent to zero accounting profit .
Multiple fruit develops from an inflorescence or a cluster of flowers .
1041 .
For better or worse , sometimes it is only a controversial nominee who leaves a president ’s legacy behind .
In the key case of United States v. Pink ( 1942 ) , the Supreme Court ruled that executive agreements were legally equivalent to treaties provided they did not alter federal law .
The first lens is called the objective lens , and has typical magnification values from 5× 5× to 100× 100× .
2691 .
Groups of people would suddenly begin to dance with wild abandon .
Amoebocytes have a variety of functions : delivering nutrients from choanocytes to other cells within the sponge , giving rise to eggs for sexual reproduction ( which remain in the mesohyl ) , delivering phagocytized sperm from choanocytes to eggs , and differentiating into more - specific cell types .
5512 .
5723 .
If torpor occurs during the summer months with high temperatures and little water , it is called estivation .
The first stage of NREM sleep is known as stage 1 sleep .
Upon germination , enzymes are secreted by the aleurone , a single layer of cells just inside the seed coat that surrounds the endosperm and embryo .
6826 .
Rogers further divided the self into two categories : the ideal self and the real self .
( Huckabee , Christie , and Fiorina dropped out relatively early . )
If , for example , you measured the height of the women in your classroom only , you might not actually have a representative sample .
Here , a nucleus captures an inner - shell electron and undergoes a nuclear reaction that has the same effect as β+ β+ size 12 { β rSup { size 8 { + { } } } } { } decay .
Then , cyanobacteria , also known as blue - green algae , evolved from these simple phototrophs one billion years later .
Real lenses behave somewhat differently from how they are modeled using the thin lens equations , producing aberrations .
Consider a line from the center of the CD to its edge .
Each oligopolist , however , must worry that while it is holding down output , other firms are taking advantage of the high price by raising output and earning higher profits .
The law declared that “ No state ( or other political subdivision within the United States ) need recognize a marriage between persons of the same sex , even if the marriage was concluded or recognized in another state . ”
5772 .
In sudden infant death syndrome ( SIDS ) an infant stops breathing during sleep and dies .
In other words , how efficient is your nation with its time and workers ?
4602 .
3691 .
SNAP participation increased by 70 % between 2007 and 2011 , from 26.6 million participants to 45 million .
The control group contains every feature of the experimental group except it is not given the manipulation that is hypothesized about .
127 .
[ link ] is a Feynman diagram for the exchange of a virtual pion between a proton and a neutron representing the same interaction as in [ link ] .
The law of demand applies in labor markets this way : A higher salary or wage — that is , a higher price in the labor market — leads to a decrease in the quantity of labor demanded by employers , while a lower salary or wage leads to an increase in the quantity of labor demanded .
The male and female reproductive organs can form in cones or strobili .
The goal of the PMRC was to limit the ability of children to listen to music with sexual or violent content .
Humans have 12 cranial nerves , nerves that emerge from or enter the skull ( cranium ) , as opposed to the spinal nerves , which emerge from the vertebral column .
( b ) Right hand rule 2 states that , if the right hand thumb points in the direction of the current , the fingers curl in the direction of the field .
The Dixiecrats opposed all attempts by the federal government to end segregation , extend voting rights , prohibit discrimination in employment , or otherwise promote social equality among races . “Platform of the States Rights Democratic Party , ” http://www.presidency.ucsb.edu / ws/?pid=25851 ( March 12 , 2016 ) .
1065 .
The tariff raised questions about how power should be distributed , causing a fiery debate between those who supported states ’ rights and those who supported the expanded power of the federal government ( [ link ] ) .
2753 .
Some primates , including humans , are able to learn by imitating the behavior of others and by taking instructions .
2875 .
Southern leaders were divided on how to respond to Republican success .
6282 .
An easy way to remember the distinction is by understanding the Latin origin of the prefixes : inter- means " between " ( for example , intersecting lines are those that cross each other ) and intra- means " inside " ( like intravenous).Chemical signals are released by signaling cells in the form of small , usually volatile or soluble molecules called ligands .
Because Black Lives Matter had been trying to raise awareness of the treatment of black citizens in the United States , and the media has the power to elevate such issues .
5121 .
These laws state that the government can not “ substantially burden an individual ’s exercise of religion ” unless it would serve a “ compelling governmental interest ” to do so .
The concept of economies of scale , as introduced in Cost and Industry Structure , means that as the scale of output goes up , average costs of production decline — at least up to a point .
In this stage , children experience pleasure in their bowel and bladder movements , so it makes sense that the conflict in this stage is over toilet training .
Income elasticity of demand = % change in quantity demanded % change in incomeIncome elasticity of demand = % change in quantity demanded % change in income
When consumers feel more confident about the future of the economy , they tend to consume more .
But many people resisted increasing the powers of the national government at the expense of the states .
The scientific method is also a form of empiricism .
3422 .
Light waves are transmitted across the cornea and enter the eye through the pupil .
Philip Joyce , “ Is the Era of Unfunded Federal Mandates Over ? ” Governing , 16 April 2014 . http://www.governing.com/columns/smart-mgmt/col-is-era-unfunded-federal-mandates-over.html .
Before offering the throne to William and Mary , however , Parliament passed the English Bill of Rights in 1689 .
Again , greater physical capital implies more output .
The stages are oral , anal , phallic , latency , and genital ( [ link]).Freud ’s psychosexual development theory is quite controversial .
798 .
Two main causes of decreased gas exchange are compliance ( how elastic the lung is ) and resistance ( how much obstruction exists in the airways ) .
These subunits assemble every time a gene is transcribed , and they disassemble once transcription is complete .
A vector is any quantity with both magnitude and direction .
6494 .
4697 .
Copyright Office , “ is a form of protection provided by the laws of the United States for ‘ original works of authorship ’ including literary , dramatic , musical , architectural , cartographic , choreographic , pantomimic , pictorial , graphic , sculptural , and audiovisual creations . ” No one can reproduce , display , or perform a copyrighted work without permission of the author .
Cyberbullying , like bullying , is repeated behavior that is intended to cause psychological or emotional harm to another person .
5085 .
They remove bone structure by releasing lysosomal enzymes and acids that dissolve the bony matrix .
3046 .
For example , if a group of people entered a forest preserve to go hiking , based on the principle of maximum parsimony , one could predict that most of the people would hike on established trails rather than forge new ones .
After it is filled , the right ventricle pumps the blood through the pulmonary arteries , by - passing the semilunar valve ( or pulmonic valve ) to the lungs for re - oxygenation .
SPECIFIC PHOBIAPhobia is a Greek word that means fear .
Bundling typically offers an advantage for the consumer by allowing them to acquire multiple products or services for a better price .
Species richness varies across the globe ( [ link ] ) .
Group VI viruses have diploid ( two copies ) ssRNA genomes that must be converted , using the enzyme reverse transcriptase , to dsDNA ; the dsDNA is then transported to the nucleus of the host cell and inserted into the host genome .
Reliability refers to the ability to consistently produce a given result .
As cardiac output increases , the number of capillaries and arteries that are perfused ( filled with blood ) increases .
3538 .
When present , the cell has just one flagellum or a few flagella .
950 .
The ileum , also illustrated in [ link ] is the last part of the small intestine and here the bile salts and vitamins are absorbed into blood stream .
Roosevelt understood the need to “ save the patient , ” to borrow a medical phrase he often employed , as well as to “ cure the ill . ”
Nevertheless , a recession is not a situation where all business failures are exactly counterbalanced by an offsetting number of successes .
5573 .
Slavery formed a cornerstone of the British Empire in the eighteenth century .
( a ) Draw a vector representing the displacement to the east .
But not long after the agreement , Germany occupied the rest of Czechoslovakia as well .
A pandemic is a widespread , usually worldwide , epidemic .
5320 .
The two - party system came into being because the structure of U.S. elections , with one seat tied to a geographic district , tends to lead to dominance by two major political parties .
2861 .
3290 .
4713 .
Discrimination involves acting on the belief that members of a certain group are inferior solely because of a factor such as race , gender , or religion .
These undergo rapid chemical reactions , producing perhaps four or five thousand different compounds called radiolytic products , some of which make cell function impossible by breaking cell membranes , fracturing DNA , and so on .
Throughout the 1960s , Cesar Chavez and Dolores Huerta fought for the rights of Mexican American agricultural laborers through their organization , the United Farm Workers ( UFW ) , a union for migrant workers they founded in 1962 .
Agencies formed by the federal government to administer a quasi - business enterprise are called government corporations .
Taxes also vary with marital status , family size , and other factors .
Winner - take - all systems of electing candidates to office , which exist in several countries other than the United States , require that the winner receive either the majority of votes or a plurality of the votes .
Most biologists also consider green algae to be plants , although others exclude all algae from the plant kingdom .
2099 .
1360 .
That is :
As [ link ] shows , the major sensory organs ( utricle , saccule , and the three semicircular canals ) of this system are located next to the cochlea in the inner ear .
Attempts to integrate public schools through the use of busing — transporting students from one segregated neighborhood to another to achieve more racially balanced schools — were particularly unpopular and helped contribute to “ white flight ” from cities to the suburbs . Sokol , 175–177 .
The human large intestine is much smaller in length compared to the small intestine but larger in diameter .
As a result , the carbon dioxide that the diatoms had consumed and incorporated into their cells during photosynthesis is not returned to the atmosphere .
Another cross - national organization to which the United States is tied , and that exists to forcefully represent Western allies and in turn forge the peace , is the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) .
4431 .
6061 .
An antibiotic is a chemical , produced either by microbes or synthetically , that is hostile to the growth of other organisms .
Each experiment will have one or more variables and one or more controls .
6735 .
Does the farmer have a property right not to have a field burned ?
The meat powder in this situation was an unconditioned stimulus ( UCS ) : a stimulus that elicits a reflexive response in an organism .
7028 .
This back and forth continues until a certain relative balance between reactants and products occurs — a state called equilibrium .
In Earth ’s frame this looks like a westward force on the satellite , or it can be interpreted as a violation of Newton ’s first law ( the law of inertia ) .
Biotechnology was used for breeding livestock and crops long before the scientific basis of these techniques was understood .
New York : Atherton Press .
California was the first state to allow the use of medical marijuana , after the passage of Proposition 215 in 1996 .
Because the waters of the Caribbean are open to all conch fishermen , and because any conch that you catch is conch that I can not catch , common resources like the conch tend to be overharvested .
If the phenotype is observed , only the genotype of the homozygous recessive alleles can be known ; the calculations provide an estimate of the remaining genotypes .
2873 .
Fiat money has no intrinsic value , but is declared by a government to be the legal tender of a country .
There may be one or more substrates , depending on the particular chemical reaction .
3817 .
A series of decisions declared nine states ’ prohibitions against same - sex marriage to be unconstitutional , and the Supreme Court rejected an attempt to overturn a federal court ruling to that effect in California in June 2013 .
Bill Clinton was nicknamed the “ Comeback Kid ” in 1992 , after he placed second in the New Hampshire primary despite accusations of adultery with Gennifer Flowers .
4057 .
While the United States economy does experience rises and falls in unemployment rates — according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics , from spring 2008 to late 2009 , the unemployment rate rose from 4.4 % to 10 % ; it has since fallen back to 5.5 % in spring 2015 — the number of jobs is not falling over extended periods of time .
According to the gerrymandering thesis , the more moderate or heterogeneous a voting district , the more moderate the politician ’s behavior once in office .
Keystone SpeciesA keystone species is one whose presence is key to maintaining biodiversity within an ecosystem and to upholding an ecological community ’s structure .
2031 .
3213 .
In 1917 , during World War I , the Jones Act granted U.S. citizenship to Puerto Ricans .
Quantum mechanics must be used for objects smaller than can be seen with a microscope .
6292 .
An easy way to remember the distinction is by understanding the Latin origin of the prefixes : inter- means " between " ( for example , intersecting lines are those that cross each other ) and intra- means " inside " ( like intravenous ) .
Social support can be thought of as the soothing impact of friends , family , and acquaintances ( Baron & Kerr , 2003 ) .
As another example , consider the problem of irrigating a crop on a farmer ’s field .
The First Amendment is perhaps the most famous provision of the Bill of Rights ; it is arguably also the most extensive , because it guarantees both religious freedoms and the right to express your views in public .
On many occasions , physicists , other scientists , and engineers need to make approximations or “ guesstimates ” for a particular quantity .
What is the distance to a certain destination ?
This equation is the work - energy theorem for rotational motion only .
3134 .
Formal norms are established , written rules .
The zygomycetes are a relatively small group of fungi belonging to the Phylum Zygomycota .
[ link ] shows resistors in parallel , wired to a voltage source .
1740 .
4011 .
But the election of President Abraham Lincoln in 1860 led eleven southern states to secede from the United States because they believed the new president would challenge the institution of slavery .
Asexual Ascomycota and BasidiomycotaImperfect fungi — those that do not display a sexual phase — use to be classified in the form phylum Deuteromycota , , a classification group no longer used in the present , ever - developing classification of organisms .
By 2008 , credit card debt had risen to over $ 1 trillion .
These are polyunsaturated fatty acids and are called omega-3 because the third carbon from the end of the hydrocarbon chain is connected to its neighboring carbon by a double bond .
6614 .
The eight cranial bones are the frontal bone , two parietal bones , two temporal bones , occipital bone , sphenoid bone , and the ethmoid bone .
If severe winter weather is forecasted or in the event of civil unrest , governors also have the power to call upon the National Guard to assist residents and first responders or aid in storm recovery ( [ link ] ) .
PSYCHOTHERAPY : COGNITIVE - BEHAVIORAL THERAPYCognitive - behavioral therapists focus much more on present issues than on a patient ’s childhood or past , as in other forms of psychotherapy .
661 .
Recall is what we most often think about when we talk about memory retrieval : it means you can access information without cues .
A bank ’s balance sheet operates in much the same way .
This law states that paired unit factors ( genes ) must segregate equally into gametes such that offspring have an equal likelihood of inheriting either factor .
542 .
5504 .
James Madison , a member of Congress from Virginia , took the lead in drafting nineteen potential changes to the Constitution .
The observed hydrogen - spectrum wavelengths can be calculated using the following formula :
For instance , Jacobsen Syndrome — which involves distinctive facial features as well as heart and bleeding defects — is identified by a deletion on chromosome 11 .
483 .
For example , male fireflies use specific light patterns to attract females .
6534 .
The federal government filed suit to block the Arizona law , contending that it conflicted with federal immigration laws .
There is also no doubt that it behaves as particles — photons with discrete energy .
Not only must the person be biologically or psychologically vulnerable , but he must also have the means to perform the suicidal act , and he must lack the necessary protective factors ( e.g. , social support from friends and family , religion , coping skills , and problem - solving skills ) that provide comfort and enable one to cope during times of crisis or great psychological pain ( Berman , 2009 ) .
His policies in the 1660s through the 1680s established and supported the Restoration colonies : the Carolinas , New Jersey , New York , and Pennsylvania .
Depression is the opposite of elevation — movement downward of a bone , such as after the shoulders are shrugged and the scapulae return to their normal position from an elevated position .
Homophily is the tendency for people to form social networks , including friendships , marriage , business relationships , and many other types of relationships , with others who are similar ( McPherson et al . , 2001 ) .
Organs are present not only in animals but also in plants .
In contrast , until about 50 years ago in the United States , a doctor might not inform someone that they were dying , and the majority of deaths occurred in hospitals .
Its goals were to provide all Americans with access to affordable health insurance , to require that everyone in the United States acquire some form of health insurance , and to lower the costs of healthcare .
This term refers to people ’s equal ability to participate in an education system .
2373 .
The price elasticity of supply is the percentage change in quantity supplied divided by the percentage change in price .
In some states , such as Texas or Michigan , selecting one box at the top of the ballot gives a single party all the votes on the ballot ( [ link ] ) .
When voters face three or more choices , however , then voting may not always be a useful way of determining what the majority prefers .
5970 .
3601 .
Hindsight bias leads you to believe that the event you just experienced was predictable , even though it really was n’t .
Although they may choose to exercise this formal power only during the closing days of their term , if at all , most governors have the authority to grant pardons just as U.S. presidents do .
Representative John Bingham ( R - OH ) ( a ) is considered the author of the Fourteenth Amendment , adopted on July 9 , 1868 .
4868 .
Lack of saving means a lack of capital accumulation and a lack of loanable funds for investment in physical and human capital .
Most eudicots produce pollen that is trisulcate or triporate , with three furrows or pores .
622 .
Were states allowed to tax federal property ?
Followers accept the power of charismatic authority because they are drawn to the leader ’s personal qualities .
An understanding of acceleration , for example , is crucial to the study of force .
Using symbols , this law is
A stimulus from a sensory cell or another neuron depolarizes the target neuron to its threshold potential ( -55 mV ) .
This strain is resistant to many commonly used antibiotics , including methicillin , amoxicillin , penicillin , and oxacillin .
In a recent survey , 39 percent of respondents answered “ yes ” when asked whether marriage is becoming obsolete ( Pew Research Center 2010 ) .
2389 .
Geometric isomers , on the other hand , have similar placements of their covalent bonds but differ in how these bonds are made to the surrounding atoms , especially in carbon - to - carbon double bonds .
Although the term privacy does not appear in the Constitution or Bill of Rights , scholars have interpreted several Bill of Rights provisions as an indication that James Madison and Congress sought to protect a common - law right to privacy as it would have been understood in the late eighteenth century : a right to be free of government intrusion into our personal life , particularly within the bounds of the home .
Over periods of some years or decades , as the productive power of an economy to supply goods and services increases , total demand in the economy grows at roughly the same pace . 4919 .
[ link ] shows a variety of foul - tasting butterflies with similar coloration .
1728 .
High centripetal acceleration significantly decreases the time it takes for separation to occur , and makes separation possible with small samples .
4933 .
Sociologists measure fertility using the crude birthrate ( the number of live births per 1,000 people per year ) .
2143 .
The New Deal changed the relationship Americans had with the national government .
6557 .
A nozzle makes a fine spray of tiny ink droplets , which are then given an electrostatic charge .
This class of upwardly mobile citizens promoted temperance , or abstinence from alcohol .
If scientists ultimately want to explain all behavior , focusing attention on such a special group of people can make it difficult to generalize any observations to the larger population as a whole .
In capitalist societies , Durkheim wrote , division of labor becomes so specialized that everyone is doing different things .
Mass is the quantity of matter in a substance .
An unmagnetized piece of iron is placed between two magnets , heated , and then cooled , or simply tapped when cold .
Instead , the Constitution allows for the Senate to choose a president pro tempore — usually the most senior senator of the majority party — who presides over the Senate .
Another method of cost - sharing is coinsurance , which means that the insurance company covers a certain percentage of the cost .
The amino acid - derived hormones are relatively small molecules that are derived from the amino acids tyrosine and tryptophan , shown in [ link ] .
Technological advances have made it more efficient for presidents to take their messages directly to the people than was the case before mass media ( [ link ] ) . 6717 .
4475 .
Rather , philosophy in this context refers to many different disciplinary perspectives that would be housed in a traditional college of liberal arts and sciences . The requirements to earn a PhD vary from country to country and even from school to school , but usually , individuals earning this degree must complete a dissertation .
4191 .
Why did Young then pass the light through a double slit ?
Controlled fission is a reality , whereas controlled fusion is a hope for the future .
5390 .
Both of these factors contribute to job strain , a work situation that combines excessive job demands and workload with little discretion in decision making or job control ( Karasek & Theorell , 1990 ) .
Animals that secrete urea as the primary nitrogenous waste material are called ureotelic animals .
The hidden opportunity cost of using protectionism to save jobs in one industry is jobs sacrificed in other industries .
6646 .
Two types of experimental evidence imply that Becquerel ’s rays originate deep in the heart ( or nucleus ) of an atom .
The strongest guarantee that the power of the national government would be restricted and the states would retain a degree of sovereignty was the framers ’ creation of a federal system of government .
Obergefell v. Hodges , 576 U.S. _ _ _ ( 2015 ) .
( We will get to its definition soon . )
A choice like P means that a rise in income caused her quantity consumed of overnight stays to decline , while a choice like Q would mean that a rise in income caused her quantity of concerts to decline .
6120 .
Calcareous spines may be present on the girdle to offer protection from predators .
Various properties of geometric shapes , like squares and triangles , serve as useful examples of artificial concepts .
Sanctions are a form of social control , a way to encourage conformity to cultural norms .
AT&T lost its monopoly on long distance service when the technology for providing phone service changed from wires to microwave and satellite transmission , so that multiple firms could use the same transmission mechanism .
People often associate high culture with intellectualism , political power , and prestige .
Because of the association of energy with work , we begin the chapter with a discussion of work .
5698 .
In 2001 , the Bush administration passed the No Child Left Behind Act , which requires states to test students in designated grades .
One of the simpler characteristics of friction is that it is parallel to the contact surface between systems and always in a direction that opposes motion or attempted motion of the systems relative to each other .
3201 .
Europe ’s colonial expansion , begun in the sixteenth century , was often accompanied by a severe cultural imperialism .
At the center of each animal cell , the centrosomes of animal cells are associated with a pair of rod - like objects , the centrioles , which are at right angles to each other .
It impacts their lives and their family ’s lives in positive and negative physical and psychological ways .
Such nations are called absolute monarchies .
1175 .
3807 .
For example , in 2014 the Manchurian Plain in Northeastern China , which produces most of the country 's wheat , corn , and soybeans , experienced its most severe drought in 50 years .
A choice like P means that a rise in income caused her quantity consumed of overnight stays to decline , while a choice like Q would mean that a rise in income caused her quantity of concerts to decline .
956 .
Technically , bills that raise revenue , like tax bills , must begin in the House .
The esophagus is a tubular organ that connects the mouth to the stomach .
2766 .
After the holocaust , in 1961 , a Nazi war criminal , Adolf Eichmann , who was accused of committing mass atrocities , was put on trial .
Like all plant photoreceptors , phototropins consist of a protein portion and a light - absorbing portion , called the chromophore .
The rights of conscientious objectors — individuals who claim the right to refuse to perform military service on the grounds of freedom of thought , conscience , or religion — have also been controversial , although many conscientious objectors have contributed service as non - combatant medics during wartime .
Soil quality is a major determinant , along with climate , of plant distribution and growth . 1212 .
What is legal in one state may be illegal in another , and state laws do not cross state geographic boundary lines — but people do .
6883 .
In an open circulatory system , the blood is not enclosed in the blood vessels but is pumped into a cavity called a hemocoel and is called hemolymph because the blood mixes with the interstitial fluid .
The voltage between the terminals fluctuates as shown , with the AC voltage given by
2633 .
Therefore , one could be sure that election results were reliable and that the winning candidate had in fact received the votes counted in their favor .
The less radical Lucy Stone formed the American Woman Suffrage Association ( AWSA ) in the same year ; AWSA hoped to win the suffrage for women by working on a state - by - state basis instead of seeking to amend the Constitution .
They felt alienated from society , so they tried to escape ( some literally ) to criticize it .
The region of unwinding is called a transcription bubble .
5171 .
As an example , it points to the issue of food supply .
A neutrophil is also a phagocytic leukocyte that engulfs and digests pathogens .
6548 .
They are hired , or sometimes appointed , for their expertise in carrying out the functions and programs of the government .
It must demonstrate both that it had a “ compelling governmental interest ” in limiting that practice and that the restriction was “ narrowly tailored . ”
5966 .
Kenny ’s pizza slice was cut into five pieces , so Kenny told his sister that he got more pizza than she did .
Because of the size ( narrow ) of the coronary arteries and their function in serving the heart itself , atherosclerosis can be deadly in these arteries .
These pancreatic hormones are essential for maintaining stable levels of blood sugar throughout the day by lowering blood glucose levels ( insulin ) or raising them ( glucagon ) .
Then , bacteria and fungi , collectively called decomposers , carry out the breakdown ( decomposition ) of plants and animals and their organic compounds .
543 .
He presented himself as a prophet and aimed to recapture what he viewed as the purity of the primitive Christian church , purity that had been lost over the centuries . Smith emphasized the importance of families being led by fathers .
The new community was named Levittown .
Although not as flamboyant or outwardly progressive as Roosevelt , Taft ’s organizational skills and generally solid performance as president aligned with the party leadership ’s concerns over another Roosevelt presidency and secured for him the Republican Party ’s nomination .
They are aligned parallel to the long axis of the bone .
The hippocampus is illustrated in [ link ] .
As depicted in the budget constraint or the production possibilities frontier , it is necessary to give up some of one good to gain more of the other good .
The size of a nation ’s overall economy is typically measured by its gross domestic product ( GDP ) , which is the value of all final goods and services produced within a country in a given year .
To solve this problem , people developed the idea of a means of exchange that could be used at any time : that is , money .
There are many types of sensory receptors located in the skin , each attuned to specific touch - related stimuli .
These offspring were called the F1 , or the first filial ( filial = offspring , daughter or son ) , generation .
1403 .
If a justice agrees with the outcome of the case but not with the majority ’s reasoning in it , that justice may write a concurring opinion .
Many countries have clearly learned that reducing barriers to trade is at least potentially beneficial to the economy .
This was in addition to gossip and verbal attacks against Jackson ’s wife , who had accidentally committed bigamy when she married him without a proper divorce .
Immigration federalism describes the gradual movement of states into the immigration policy domain .
4305 .
This group of conservative Americans included many very wealthy financial supporters and emerged in the wake of the social reforms and cultural changes of the 1960s and 1970s .
3982 .
The memory impairments are not caused by ordinary forgetting . 4224 .
1261 .
512 .
One of the most devastating pandemics was the Black Death ( 1346 to 1361 ) that is believed to have been another outbreak of bubonic plague caused by the bacterium Yersinia pestis .
In forty - eight states and the District of Columbia , the candidate who wins the most votes in November receives all the state ’s electoral votes , and only the electors from that party will vote .
Magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) is one of the most useful and rapidly growing medical imaging tools .
At this time , the idea of liberty became an important concept .
The optic nerve from each eye merges just below the brain at a point called the optic chiasm .
The free exercise clause , on the other hand , limits the ability of the government to control or restrict religious practices .
One megaspore mother cell , or megasporocyte , undergoes meiosis in each ovule .
Human body cells have 46 chromosomes , while human gametes ( sperm or eggs ) have 23 chromosomes each .
Still other viruses affect the plant by directly killing plant cells , a process known as cell necrosis .
According to social exchange theory , we act as naïve economists in keeping a tally of the ratio of costs and benefits of forming and maintaining a relationship with others ( [ link ] ) ( Rusbult & Van Lange , 2003 ) .
4762 .
Ford ’s reliance on the moving assembly line , scientific management , and time - motion studies added to his emphasis on efficiency over craftsmanship .
4505 .
557 .
The collecting ducts collect filtrate coming from the nephrons and fuse in the medullary papillae .
At various points in the past 170 years , elites and voters have sought to create alternatives to the existing party system .
Garrison also preached immediatism : the moral demand to take immediate action to end slavery .
Imports are the goods and services that are produced abroad and then sold domestically .
A genetically modified adenovirus known as H101 has been used since 2005 in clinical trials in China to treat head and neck cancers .
The economy then drops into deep recession , with real GDP often falling up to 10 % or more in a single year .
1457 .
Some of the programs look much like private insurance , in the sense that the members of a group makes steady payments into a fund , and those in the group who suffer an adverse experience receive payments .
As mentioned , spectral lines are actually closely spaced doublets , a characteristic called fine structure , as shown in [ link ] .
The Fifteenth Amendment was proposed to ensure the right to vote for black men , which will be discussed in more detail later in this chapter .
509 .
684 .
Still others believe in judicial restraint , which leads them to defer decisions ( and thus policymaking ) to the elected branches of government and stay focused on a narrower interpretation of the Bill of Rights .
3435 .
985 .
5570 .
In the discussion section , the researcher will interpret the results , describe how variables may be related , and attempt to explain the observations .
The first step was the issuance of the Emancipation Proclamation on January 1 , 1863 ( [ link ] ) .
Responding to a request for advice on proper government from North Carolina , Adams wrote Thoughts on Government , which influenced many state legislatures .
Populations consist all of the species living within a specific area , and populations fluctuate based on a number of factors : seasonal and yearly changes in the environment , natural disasters such as forest fires and volcanic eruptions , and competition for resources between and within species .
215 .
The number of carbon atoms remains the same , as the atoms move to form new bonds during the reactions ( 3 atoms from 3CO2 + 15 atoms from 3RuBP = 18 atoms in 3 atoms of 3-PGA ) .
He determined that states had unique cultures and that different state governments instilled different attitudes and beliefs in their citizens , creating political cultures .
Or it can be defensive , as a means to respond to aggression from others , such as the Persian Gulf War in 1991 , also known as Operation Desert Storm ( [ link ] ) .
5587 .
More dispiriting still was the fact that many women ’s rights activists , such as Susan B. Anthony and Elizabeth Cady Stanton , had played a large part in the abolitionist movement leading up to the Civil War .
Another enzyme , RNA primase , synthesizes an RNA primer that is about five to ten nucleotides long and complementary to the DNA .
In what became known as “ dollar diplomacy , ” Taft announced his decision to “ substitute dollars for bullets ” in an effort to use foreign policy to secure markets and opportunities for American businessmen ( [ link ] ) .
Since the waves must carry a great deal of visual as well as audio information , each channel requires a larger range of frequencies than simple radio transmission .
An IACUC consists of institutional administrators , scientists , veterinarians , and community members .
More recently , John Zogby , of Zogby Analytics , went public with his prediction that John Kerry would win the presidency against incumbent president George W. Bush in 2004 , only to be proven wrong on election night .
Because they correspond to new allele combinations , the genotypes Ab and aB are nonparental types that result from homologous recombination during meiosis .
Most journalists in the early 1900s were male , and women ’s issues were not part of the newsroom discussion .
A frontal plane ( also called a coronal plane ) separates the front from the back .
These five dimensions are known as the “ Big Five ” or the Five Factor model , and include dimensions of conscientiousness , agreeableness , neuroticism , openness , and extraversion ( [ link ] ) .
5019 .
In an isotonic solution , the extracellular fluid has the same osmolarity as the cell .
This focus on long - run growth rather than the short - run fluctuations in the business cycle means that neoclassical economics is more useful for long - run macroeconomic analysis and Keynesian economics is more useful for analyzing the macroeconomic short run .
The clitoris is a structure with erectile tissue that contains a large number of sensory nerves and serves as a source of stimulation during intercourse .
Home precipitators , often in conjunction with the home heating and air conditioning system , are very effective in removing polluting particles , irritants , and allergens .
Typically , sexism takes the form of men holding biases against women , but either sex can show sexism toward their own or their opposite sex .
The activities by which government achieves these functions include — but are not limited to — taxation , homeland security , immigration , foreign affairs , and education .
Marx maintained that these conflicts appeared consistently throughout history during times of social revolution .
For example , Wallerstein contends that the United States is an economic powerhouse that can support or deny support to important economic legislation with far - reaching implications , thus exerting control over every aspect of the global economy and exploiting both semi - peripheral and peripheral nations .
The Twentieth Amendment , which was ratified in 1933 during the Great Depression , moved the date of the presidential inauguration from March to January .
Nitrogenous wastes tend to form toxic ammonia , which raises the pH of body fluids .
2596 .
1584 .
5348 .
The rest of the development of the judicial system and the creation of the lower courts were left in the hands of Congress .
This perspective is a macro - level approach most identified with the writings of German philosopher and sociologist Karl Marx ( 1818 – 1883 ) , who saw society as being made up of individuals in different social classes who must compete for social , material , and political resources such as food and housing , employment , education , and leisure time .
The term gender role refers to society ’s concept of how men and women are expected to look and how they should behave .
A legislative referendum occurs when a legislature passes a law or a series of constitutional amendments and presents them to the voters to ratify with a yes or no vote .
Charters are similar to state constitutions : they provide a framework and a detailed accounting of local government responsibilities and areas of authority .
Mutations , variations in the nucleotide sequence of a genome , can also occur because of damage to DNA .
For example , from 1994 to 2000 during what was known as the “ dot - com ” boom , the U.S. stock market , which is measured by the Dow Jones Industrial Index ( which includes 30 very large companies from across the U.S. economy ) , nearly tripled in value .
At the equilibrium wage ( We ) , the equilibrium quantity ( Qe ) of labor supplied by workers should be equal to the quantity of labor demanded by employers .
The centrosome is duplicated during the S phase .
The actin filaments pull the equator of the cell inward , forming a fissure .
Isotopes
It argued that the regulation in question did not “ substantively affect interstate commerce . ”
Defining obscenity has been something of a challenge for the courts ; Supreme Court Justice Potter Stewart famously said of obscenity , having watched pornography in the Supreme Court building , “ I know it when I see it . ”
735 .
A symporter carries two different ions or molecules , both in the same direction .
6472 .
While the working class were confined to tenement houses in the cities by their need to be close to their work and the lack of funds to find anyplace better , and the wealthy class chose to remain in the cities to stay close to the action of big business transactions , the emerging middle class responded to urban challenges with their own solutions .
In the goods market , the seller of a good might offer a money - back guarantee , an agreement that functions as a promise of quality .
Closely related to currency are checkable deposits , also known as demand deposits .
Indeed , inasmuch as relationships are based on mutual exchanges , as the elderly become less able to exchange resources , they will see their social circles diminish .
3447 .
The safety net includes a number of other programs : government - subsidized school lunches and breakfasts for children from low - income families ; the Special Supplemental Food Program for Women , Infants and Children ( WIC ) , which provides food assistance for pregnant women and newborns ; the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program , which provides help with home heating bills ; housing assistance , which helps pay the rent ; and Supplemental Security Income , which provides cash support for the disabled and the elderly poor .
The term strobilus ( plural = strobili ) describes a tight arrangement of sporophylls around a central stalk , as seen in cones .
Another important evolutionary force is gene flow : the flow of alleles in and out of a population due to the migration of individuals or gametes ( [ link ] ) .
A pardon absolves someone of blame for a crime and can secure his or her release from prison .
When an organism learns to respond differently to various stimuli that are similar , it is called stimulus discrimination .
4971 .
It was introduced in every Congress thereafter but did not pass both the House and the Senate until 1972 .
You probably feel fairly certain that your perception accurately matches the real world , but this is not always the case .
Stigmatization means their identity is spoiled ; they are labeled as different , discriminated against , and sometimes even shunned .
Even with the same funding and equivalent facilities , a segregated school could not have the same teachers or environment as the equivalent school for another race .
The causes of the Depression of 1893 were manifold , but one major element was the speculation in railroads over the previous decades .
When mating factor binds to cell - surface receptors in other yeast cells that are nearby , they stop their normal growth cycles and initiate a cell signaling cascade that includes protein kinases and GTP - binding proteins that are similar to G - proteins .
6272 .
An individual who grows up in a poor neighborhood with high rates of drug use , violence , teenage delinquency , and deprived parenting is more likely to become a criminal than an individual from a wealthy neighborhood with a good school system and families who are involved positively in the community .
Scapegoat theory , developed initially from Dollard ’s ( 1939 ) Frustration - Aggression theory , suggests that the dominant group will displace its unfocused aggression onto a subordinate group .
4498 .
Some of these programs persisted into the 1970s , as [ link ] shows .
Yet as we retrieve our memories , we also tend to alter and modify them .
6485 .
In 2015 , many governors in the New England region called press conferences , worked with snow - removal crews and local government officials , set up emergency shelters , and activated travel bans or curfews in the face of crippling snowstorms .
Many Americans were struck with “ land fever . ” Farmers strove to expand their acreage , and those who lived in areas where unoccupied land was scarce sought holdings in the West .
2101 .
Transcription always proceeds from the same DNA strand for each gene , which is called the template strand .
It pictures the economy as consisting of two groups — households and firms — that interact in two markets : the goods and services market in which firms sell and households buy and the labor market in which households sell labor to business firms or other employees .
Sociologist Amitai Etzioni ( 1975 ) posited that formal organizations fall into three categories .
Domestic issues can sometimes become international ones when it comes to such topics as foreign trade .
The starting point of replication , the origin , is close to the binding site of the chromosome to the plasma membrane ( [ link ] ) .
A Union campaign to convince individuals to buy the bonds helped increase sales .
A unique characteristic of this phylum is the presence of a proboscis enclosed in a rhynchocoel .
An endemic disease is a disease that is constantly present , usually at low incidence , in a population .
6225 .
Other prezygotic barriers work when differences in their gamete cells ( eggs and sperm ) prevent fertilization from taking place ; this is called a gametic barrier .
Delegates from small states objected to this Virginia Plan .
In order to determine the number of significant digits in a value , start with the first measured value at the left and count the number of digits through the last digit written on the right .
Antibodies that inappropriately mark self components as foreign are termed autoantibodies .
In contrast , dispositionism holds that our behavior is determined by internal factors ( Heider , 1958 ) .
For a visual representation with more detail , see [ link ] .
Walter Mischel was a student of Julian Rotter and taught for years at Stanford , where he was a colleague of Albert Bandura .
6375 .
( Note : Sometimes , but not always , the terms explicit memory and declarative memory are used interchangeably .
These high - energy bonds are the bonds between the second and third ( or beta and gamma ) phosphate groups and between the first and second phosphate groups .
Because oxidation and reduction usually occur together , these pairs of reactions are called oxidation reduction reactions , or redox reactions . Electrons and Energy
6131 .
As this example suggests , we can relate the problem of special interests in politics to an issue raised in Environmental Protection and Negative Externalities about economic policy with respect to negative externalities and pollution — the problem called regulatory capture ( which we defined in Monopoly and Antitrust Policy ) .
The new Negro found political expression in a political ideology that celebrated African Americans distinct national identity .
The party whip ensures that members are present when a piece of legislation is to be voted on and directs them how to vote .
Other depressants include barbiturates and benzodiazepines .
Also , they have sometimes been negative and nasty .
The shoot system generally grows above ground , where it absorbs the light needed for photosynthesis .
A pandemic is a widespread , usually worldwide , epidemic .
When light levels are low , the pupil will become dilated , or expanded , to allow more light to enter the eye .
3567 .
1245 .
3726 .
Next , the blastula undergoes further cell division and cellular rearrangement during a process called gastrulation .
Soil is the outer loose layer that covers the surface of Earth .
1393 .
One goal of behavioral biology is to dissect out the innate behaviors , which have a strong genetic component and are largely independent of environmental influences , from the learned behaviors , which result from environmental conditioning .
1135 .
President Richard Nixon faced an overwhelming likelihood of impeachment in the House for his cover - up of key information relating to the 1972 break - in at the Democratic Party ’s campaign headquarters at the Watergate hotel and apartment complex .
The first four tastes need little explanation .
Flat bones are thin and relatively broad bones that are found where extensive protection of organs is required or where broad surfaces of muscle attachment are required .
Bandura and other researchers proposed a brand of behaviorism called social learning theory , which took cognitive processes into account .
Both macrophages and dendritic cells engulf pathogens and cellular debris through phagocytosis .
Voters must find more information about each candidate to decide which is closest to their preferred issue positions .
T cells are lymphocytes that mature in the thymus gland , and B cells are lymphocytes that mature in the bone marrow .
Both types of logical thinking are related to the two main pathways of scientific study : descriptive science and hypothesis - based science .
The second proposed solution was to give students the opportunity to attend schools with better performance records .
811 .
Flash mobs are examples of collective behavior , noninstitutionalized activity in which several or many people voluntarily engage .
When a pathogen is detected , these APCs will phagocytose the pathogen and digest it to form many different fragments of the antigen .
First , in the process of megasporogenesis , a single cell in the diploid megasporangium — an area of tissue in the ovules — undergoes meiosis to produce four megaspores , only one of which survives .
6486 .
There are well over two hundred committees , subcommittees , select committees , and joint committees in the Congress .
Later compiled as The Federalist and now known as The Federalist Papers , these eighty - five essays were originally published in newspapers in New York and other states under the name of Publius , a supporter of the Roman Republic .
They diverge into capillaries where the heart muscle is supplied with oxygen before converging again into the coronary veins to take the deoxygenated blood back to the right atrium where the blood will be re - oxygenated through the pulmonary circuit .
Earthworms are an example of an animal with an alimentary canal .
Black holesBlack holes are objects having such large gravitational fields that things can fall in , but nothing , not even light , can escape .
It is perfectly possible for a country to have a very high level of trade — measured by its exports of goods and services as a share of its GDP — while it also has a near - balance between exports and imports .
4489 .
Once in the medulla , the neurons continue carrying the signals to the thalamus .
2367 .
In an economy with inflation , money loses some buying power each year , but it remains money . Third , money serves as a unit of account , which means that it is the ruler by which other values are measured .
He advised that the best way to thwart Soviet plans for the world was to contain Soviet influence — primarily through economic policy — to those places where it already existed and prevent its political expansion into new areas .
Hillary Clinton , Jeb Bush , and Ted Cruz were the top fundraisers by July 2015 .
All cnidarians show the presence of two membrane layers in the body that are derived from the endoderm and ectoderm of the embryo .
This creates an asymmetric information problem for the insurance company because buyers who are high - risk tend to want to buy more insurance , without letting the insurance company know about their higher risk .
Changing fertility , mortality , and migration rates make up the total population composition , a snapshot of the demographic profile of a population .
3581 .
Current chief justice John Roberts , though most typically an ardent member of the Court ’s more conservative wing , has twice voted to uphold provisions of the Affordable Care Act .
It is usually the average return over a period of time , usually in years or even decades .
1696 .
This process is called sensory transduction . There are two broad types of cellular systems that perform sensory transduction .
In the duodenum , other enzymes — trypsin , elastase , and chymotrypsin — act on the peptides reducing them to smaller peptides .
4569 .
During the “ Red Summer ” of 1919 , northern cities recorded twenty - five bloody race riots that killed over 250 people .
Gibbons lost in New York state courts and appealed .
In part , this occurs because of a molecular process called X inactivation .
Of course , no one gives voice to these kinds of views in public now , except when talking about obese people .
Another type of hydrocarbon , aromatic hydrocarbons , consists of closed rings of carbon atoms .
IR can be absorbed and emitted by atoms and molecules , particularly between closely spaced states .
Mania is a state of extreme elation and agitation .
In fact , charges radiate whenever they are accelerated .
In mammals , pulmonary ventilation occurs via inhalation ( breathing ) .
For example , the membership of the Supreme Court had changed entirely between Plessey v. Ferguson ( 1896 ) , which brought the doctrine of “ separate but equal ” and Brown v. Board of Education ( 1954 ) , which required integration .
The polymerase checks whether the newly added base has paired correctly with the base in the template strand .
The DNA of prokaryotes is organized into a circular chromosome supercoiled in the nucleoid region of the cell cytoplasm .
However , even a central bank can not erase the overall message of the national savings and investment identity .
3920 .
Other government programs seek to increase human capital either before or after the K–12 education system .
412 .
530 .
2734 .
Mink had been interested in fighting discrimination in education since her youth , when she opposed racial segregation in campus housing while a student at the University of Nebraska .
With 49 percent of the popular vote and 379 electoral votes , he became the first Democrat to win reelection to the presidency since Franklin Roosevelt .
To better understand peer exclusion , Suzanne Fanger collaborated with colleagues at the University of Texas to observe the behavior of preschool children on a playground .
Three terms — hypotonic , isotonic , and hypertonic — are used to relate the osmolarity of a cell to the osmolarity of the extracellular fluid that contains the cells .
A common technique people use to combat stress is exercise ( Salmon , 2001 ) .
When someone weighs more than what is generally accepted as healthy for a given height , they are considered overweight or obese .
Employing several thousand Americans on a project that Roosevelt envisioned as a template for future regional redevelopment , the TVA revitalized a river valley that landowners had badly over - farmed , leaving behind eroded soil that lacked essential nutrients for future farming .
In a process called resuscitation , the prokaryote can go back to “ normal ” life when environmental conditions improve .
As mentioned earlier , gene expression is often influenced by environmental context in ways that are not entirely obvious .
Intimacy is the sharing of details and intimate thoughts and emotions .
The next level of sophistication is provided by commercial confocal microscopes , which use the extended focal region shown in [ link ] ( b ) to obtain three - dimensional images rather than two - dimensional images .
High and variable inflation means that the incentives in the economy to adjust in response to changes in prices are weaker .
Many lived an expatriate life in Paris for the decade , although others went to Rome or Berlin .
Integral calculus is needed to sum the field for an arbitrary shape current .
1191 .
Mendel ’s parental pea plants always bred true because both of the gametes produced carried the same trait .
“ I ’ve a grand memory for forgetting , ” quipped Robert Louis Stevenson .
2976 .
One such sugar source is lactose .
Reproduction with the parent species ceases , and a new group exists that is now reproductively and genetically independent .
While many mutations can be harmful or lethal , once in a while , a mutation benefits an individual by giving that person an advantage over those who do not have the mutation .
Humans are diverse , and sometimes our differences make it challenging for us to get along with one another .
3249 .
While some questioned its tactics , the organization ’s move underscores how important the media are to gaining recognition , and the lengths to which organizations are willing to go to get media attention . Conor Friedersdorf , “ A Conversation about Black Lives Matter and Bernie Sanders , ” The Atlantic , 21 August 2015 .
But whereas interest groups often work indirectly to influence our leaders , political parties are organizations that try to directly influence public policy through its members who seek to win and hold public office .
Transgender is not the same as homosexual , and many homosexual males view both their sex and gender as male .
Community dynamics are the changes in community structure and composition over time .
Another theory that explains one of the functions of human aggression is frustration aggression theory ( Dollard , Doob , Miller , Mowrer , & Sears , 1939 ) .
Then , in the numerical example given , Mexico shifted production toward its comparative advantage and produced 6,000 pairs of shoes but only 2,500 refrigerators .
Osteocytes are mature bone cells and are the main cells in bony connective tissue ; these cells can not divide .
In the United States , adolescence is seen as a time to develop independence from parents while remaining connected to them ( [ link ] ) .
Beginning the night of December 25 , 1776 , and continuing into the early hours of December 26 , Washington moved on Trenton where the Hessians were encamped .
The outgoing wave has an amplitude proportional to the maximum separation of charge .
There is an International Price Index based on the prices of merchandise that is exported or imported .
According to the laws of probability , random samples represent the population as a whole .
Modernization theory ( Cowgill and Holmes 1972 ) suggests that the primary cause of the elderly losing power and influence in society are the parallel forces of industrialization and modernization .
Not likely .
In reality , to control the risk of an economic depression ( a sustained recession across several economic sectors ) , the U.S. government will often adjust interest rates to encourage more lending — and consequently more spending .
Instead , geneticists use pedigree analysis to study the inheritance pattern of human genetic diseases ( [ link ] ) .
The embryonic axis terminates in a radicle ( the embryonic root ) , which is the region from which the root will develop .
This occurred throughout the twentieth century , due to causes as diverse as the legal end of racial segregation established by Brown v. Board of Education to the Mariel boatlift of Cubans fleeing Cuba ’s Mariel port for Miami .
2450 .
It becomes clear from this definition that the application of the scientific method plays a major role in science .
The net pressure can become as great as 85.0 mm Hg , an abnormally large pressure that can permanently damage the optic nerve .
In an opposite leaf arrangement , two leaves arise at the same point , with the leaves connecting opposite each other along the branch .
Lobes of the BrainThe four lobes of the brain are the frontal , parietal , temporal , and occipital lobes ( [ link ] ) .
These include breast development , flaring of the hips , and a shorter period necessary for bone maturation .
They are most commonly found in a single layer representing a simple epithelia in glandular tissues throughout the body where they prepare and secrete glandular material .
264 .
This “ Northwest Passage ” would afford the country that controlled it not only access to the interior of North America but also — more importantly — a relatively quick route to the Pacific Ocean and to trade with Asia .
Summary
In our example , Brazil has a comparative advantage in sugar cane and the U.S. has a comparative advantage in wheat .
3437 .
2879 .
Oxford : Oxford University Press , 334 .
In this case , you ’re so focused on the amount of money you are willing to spend that you may not recognize what kinds of houses are available at that price point .
Whole ecosystems can disappear even if some of the species might survive by adapting to other ecosystems .
2981 .
It consists of the midbrain , medulla oblongata , and the pons .
In effect , these resolutions articulated the legal reasoning underpinning the doctrine of nullification — that states had the right to reject national laws they deemed unconstitutional .
The Social Security Act of 1935 , which created federal subsidies for state - administered programs for the elderly ; people with handicaps ; dependent mothers ; and children , gave state and local officials wide discretion over eligibility and benefit levels .
6877 .
This part of the immune system is activated when the innate immune response is insufficient to control an infection .
A valid hypothesis must be testable .
6010 .
909 .
In addition , these two shifts are interconnected .
Government leaders might have this kind of influence as well , but they also have the advantage of wielding power associated with their position in the government .
2399 .
Self - pollination occurs in flowers where the stamen and carpel mature at the same time , and are positioned so that the pollen can land on the flower ’s stigma .
Follicle cells are stimulated to release stored T3 and T4 by thyroid stimulating hormone ( TSH ) , which is produced by the anterior pituitary .
1183 .
2247 .
A phospholipid is a lipid molecule with two fatty acid chains and a phosphate - containing group .
As these different factions were agitating for the settlement of Kansas and Nebraska , leaders of the Democratic Party in 1853 and 1854 sought to bind their party together in the aftermath of intraparty fights over the distribution of patronage jobs .
According to data collected by the Central Intelligence Agency in its CIA Factbook , as of 2013 , 90 % of Burundi ’s population is agrarian , with coffee and tea as the main income producing crop .
In the years after World War II , leaders of several European nations reasoned that if they could tie their economies together more closely , they might be more likely to avoid another devastating war .
In the years after the Great Depression and World War II , there was a worldwide push to build institutions that would tie the nations of the world together .
Like Garvey , Carmichael became an advocate of black separatism , arguing that African Americans should live apart from whites and solve their problems for themselves .
Meta - analysis is a technique in which the results of virtually all previous studies on a specific subject are evaluated together .
For example , if an individual ’s genetic makeup predisposes her to high levels of intellectual potential and she is reared in a rich , stimulating environment , then she will be more likely to achieve her full potential than if she were raised under conditions of significant deprivation .
W. Dale Mason .
An important feature of plasmid vectors is the ease with which a foreign DNA fragment can be introduced via the multiple cloning site ( MCS ) .
Under the “ Rhode Island system , ” families were hired .
Pavlov would sound a tone ( like ringing a bell ) and then give the dogs the meat powder ( [ link ] ) .
5688 .
President Eisenhower then called up the Arkansas National Guard for federal duty ( essentially taking the troops out of Faubus ’s hands ) and sent soldiers of the 101st Airborne Division to escort students to and from classes , as shown in [ link ] .
5344 .
Opposition is the movement of the thumb toward the fingers of the same hand , making it possible to grasp and hold objects .
The tibia articulates with the femur at its proximal end , with the fibula and the tarsal bones at its distal end .
And in 1976 , the upsilon (
[ link ] ( b ) is our first example of a free - body diagram , which is a technique used to illustrate all the external forces acting on a body .
2653 .
Interviews are similar to the short - answer questions on surveys in that the researcher asks subjects a series of questions .
287 .
It is not focused on developing a product or a service of immediate public or commercial value .
4596 .
Social scientists define global poverty in different ways and take into account the complexities and the issues of relativism described above .
Secondary consumers are usually carnivores that eat the primary consumers .
He then responded to the newly heightened state of affairs by sending U.S. troops to the Rio Grande , the border Texan expansionists claimed for Texas .
4420 .
FSH stimulates egg maturation in females , while LH stimulates the production of estrogens and progesterone .
The second pair of appendages is known as pedipalps .
As we move through our daily lives , we experience a variety of emotions .
In 1984 , as part of a protest near the Republican National Convention in Dallas , Texas , Johnson set fire to a U.S. flag that another protestor had torn from a flagpole .
Instead , most find themselves attempting to balance the important principles embedded in each .
Innate or instinctual behaviors rely on response to stimuli .
M1 money supply includes those monies that are very liquid such as cash , checkable ( demand ) deposits , and traveler ’s checks M2 money supply is less liquid in nature and includes M1 plus savings and time deposits , certificates of deposits , and money market funds .
884 .
The demands on government are great , and funds do not always exist to enable it to undertake all the projects it may deem necessary .
Scintillator detectors are used in a variety of research and diagnostic applications .
If you think you ca n’t see depth with one eye , note that you do n’t bump into things when using only one eye while walking — and , in fact , we have more monocular cues than binocular cues .
2802 .
He and other like - minded sociologists proposed a philosophy of antipositivism whereby social researchers would strive for subjectivity as they worked to represent social processes , cultural norms , and societal values .
Third , the majority of carbon dioxide molecules ( 85 percent ) are carried as part of the bicarbonate buffer system .
While the lowest level of party organization is technically the precinct , many of the operational responsibilities for local elections fall upon the county - level organization .
3193 .
The renal arteries split into several segmental arteries upon entering the kidneys .
The Roosevelt Corollary was based on the original Monroe Doctrine of the early nineteenth century , which warned European nations of the consequences of their interference in the Caribbean .
4853 .
UV comes from the de - excitation of atoms that may be part of a hot solid or gas .
A tap root system has a main root that grows down vertically , and from which many smaller lateral roots arise .
A nonconservative force is one for which work depends on the path taken .
Phelan and Link ( 2003 ) note that many behavior - influenced diseases like lung cancer ( from smoking ) , coronary artery disease ( from poor eating and exercise habits ) , and AIDS initially were widespread across SES groups .
Each category of the current account balance involves a corresponding flow of payments between a given country and the rest of the world economy .
They could thus purchase land directly from the government , at the price the government had set .
They are caused by nondisjunction , which occurs when pairs of homologous chromosomes or sister chromatids fail to separate during meiosis .
3871 .
Plant viruses can be transmitted by a variety of vectors , through contact with an infected plant ’s sap , by living organisms such as insects and nematodes , and through pollen .
In the event of a bank run , sound banks , ( banks that were not bankrupt ) could borrow as much cash as they needed from the Fed ’s discount “ window ” to quell the bank run .
During the Great Depression , many politicians came to fear that the high unemployment and low - income levels plaguing society could threaten the stability of democracy , as was happening in European countries like Germany and Italy .
One subtype , seasonal pattern , applies to situations in which a person experiences the symptoms of major depressive disorder only during a particular time of year ( e.g. , fall or winter ) .
Two opposing mating strains ( type + and type – ) must be in close proximity for gametangia from the hyphae to be produced and fuse , leading to karyogamy .
The vegetative stage consists of a tangle of slender thread - like structures called hyphae ( singular , hypha ) , whereas the reproductive stage can be more conspicuous .
6712 .
4219 .
It is Bernoulli ’s equation for fluids at constant depth .
The pattern of generally higher unemployment rates in Europe , which dates back to the 1970s , is typically attributed to the fact that European economies have a higher natural rate of unemployment because they have a greater number of rules and restrictions that discourage firms from hiring and unemployed workers from taking jobs .
Freud called this transference : the patient transfers all the positive or negative emotions associated with the patient ’s other relationships to the psychoanalyst .
Some of the earliest jawless fishes were the ostracoderms ( which translates to “ shell - skin ” ) .
Like Watson , Skinner was a behaviorist , and he concentrated on how behavior was affected by its consequences .
The third and innermost layer is the renal capsule .
The hindbrain is located at the back of the head and looks like an extension of the spinal cord .
However , if Big Drug is receiving only 50 cents of each dollar of social benefits , the firm will not spend as much on creating new products .
For example , while a conflict theorist studying a political protest might focus on class difference , a symbolic interactionist would be more interested in how individuals in the protesting group interact , as well as the signs and symbols protesters use to communicate their message .
Nonmilitary tools to influence another country , like economic sanctions , are referred to as soft power , while the use of military power is termed hard power .
When interacting with the target of our prejudice , we tend to pay attention to information that is consistent with our stereotypic expectations and ignore information that is inconsistent with our expectations .
Defining obscenity has been something of a challenge for the courts ; Supreme Court Justice Potter Stewart famously said of obscenity , having watched pornography in the Supreme Court building , “ I know it when I see it . ”
3268 .
Now we turn to how the power of the situation can influence our attitudes and beliefs .
805 .
6457 .
4500 .
For example , cash is very liquid .
Some of the other countries listed include Brazil , the largest economy in Latin America ; Nigeria , the largest economy in Africa ; and China , India , and Korea .
When there is market failure , the private market fails to achieve efficient output , because either firms do not account for all costs incurred in the production of output and/or consumers do not account for all benefits obtained ( a positive externality ) .
The number of bills introduced in any given session varies .
Thus , negotiations between unions and firms are sometimes called collective bargaining . The subject of labor unions can be controversial .
The president negotiates a treaty , the Senate consents to the treaty by a two - thirds vote , and finally the president ratifies it .
For example , a galvanometer with a current sensitivity of 50 μA50 μA has a maximum deflection of its needle when 50 μA 50 μA flows through it , reads half - scale when 25 μA 25 μA size 12 { 2 " 5 " μA } { } flows through it , and so on . If such a galvanometer has a 25-Ω25-Ω size 12{2"5- " % OMEGA } { } resistance , then a voltage of only V = IR = 50 μA 25 Ω = 1.25 mVV = IR = 50 μA 25 Ω = 1.25 mV size 12 { V = ital " IR " = left ( " 50 " μA right ) left ( " 25 " % OMEGA right ) = 1 " . "
The graph in [ link ] shows heritability estimates for schizophrenia .
U.S. elections are based on plurality voting .
The term equipotential is also used as a noun , referring to an equipotential line or surface .
Members of Cephalochordata possess a notochord , dorsal hollow nerve cord , pharyngeal slits , and a post - anal tail in the adult stage ( [ link ] ) .
Reptiles originated approximately 300 million years ago during the Carboniferous period .
Island archipelagos like the Hawaiian Islands provide an ideal context for adaptive radiation events because water surrounds each island which leads to geographical isolation for many organisms .
A macrophage is a large phagocytic cell that engulfs foreign particles and pathogens .
The price elasticity of supply is the percentage change in quantity supplied divided by the percentage change in price . Elasticities can be usefully divided into three broad categories : elastic , inelastic , and unitary .
We use a variety of cues in a visual scene to establish our sense of depth .
The innermost shell has a maximum of two electrons but the next two electron shells can each have a maximum of eight electrons .
6408 .
6894 .
405 .
But they also participated in more expressly Klan activities like burning crosses and the public denunciation of Catholics and Jews ( [ link ] ) .
The left atrium then receives the oxygen - rich blood from the lungs via the pulmonary veins .
How would you respond to the question , “ Who am I ? ” Your answer can show how you see yourself .
2780 .
Neurons also contain unique structures , illustrated in [ link ] for receiving and sending the electrical signals that make neuronal communication possible .
Before the last two centuries , although rulers , nobles , and conquerors could afford some extravagances and although economies rose above the subsistence level , the average person ’s standard of living had not changed much for centuries .
The means of enforcing rules are known as sanctions .
Since criminology was a young field , he drew on other aspects of sociology including social interactions and group learning ( Laub 2006 ) .
3772 .
6429 .
6387 .
In individuals diagnosed with a substance use disorder , there is a compulsive pattern of drug use that is often associated with both physical and psychological dependence . Physical dependence involves changes in normal bodily functions — the user will experience withdrawal from the drug upon cessation of use .
Other viruses cause long - term chronic infections , such as the virus causing hepatitis C , whereas others , like herpes simplex virus , only cause intermittent symptoms .
The structure of ecosystems can be visualized with ecological pyramids , which were first described by the pioneering studies of Charles Elton in the 1920s .
Basal transcription factors are crucial in the formation of a preinitiation complex on the DNA template that subsequently recruits RNA polymerase II for transcription initiation .
9 .
In 2006 , in the case of Lawrence v. Texas , the Supreme Court ruled unconstitutional state laws that criminalized sexual intercourse between consenting adults of the same sex .
Some oscillations create waves .
[ link ] illustrates a thought experiment like the ones that convinced Einstein that light must fall in a gravitational field .
Phylum Cnidaria includes animals that show radial or biradial symmetry and are diploblastic , that is , they develop from two embryonic layers .
6070 .
In several elections , such as in 1876 and 1888 , a candidate who received less than a majority of the popular vote has claimed the presidency , including cases when the losing candidate secured a majority of the popular vote .
These changes in demand are shown as shifts in the curve .
Since their appointments , both justices have made rulings consistent with a more liberal ideology .
Economists illustrate the social costs of production with a demand and supply diagram .
In other words , it must show there was a very good reason for the law in question and that the law was the only feasible way of achieving that goal .
5678 .
Apical dominance — the inhibition of lateral bud formation — is triggered by auxins produced in the apical meristem .
As his state ’s spokesperson , Abbott promoted Texas ’s friendly corporate tax structure and investment in transportation and education funding in hopes of enticing GE to relocate there and bring economic opportunities with it .
Cortical radiate arteries , as the name suggests , radiate out from the arcuate arteries .
With a diameter of about 25 nm , microtubules are the widest components of the cytoskeleton .
Costal cartilages connect the anterior ends of the ribs to the sternum , with the exception of rib pairs 11 and 12 , which are free - floating ribs .
He created the word by combining two Greek words : geron ( old man ) and iatrikos ( medical treatment ) .
6397 .
The stapes transmits the vibrations to a thin diaphragm called the oval window , which is the outermost structure of the inner ear .
Japanese Americans also suffered from discrimination .
With debt upon graduation averaging about $ 29,000 , students may find their economic options limited .
The point where a split occurs , called a branch point , represents where a single lineage evolved into a distinct new one .
A self - report study is a collection of data gathered using voluntary response methods , such as questionnaires or telephone interviews .
In 1831 , the Supreme Court decided in Cherokee Nation v. Georgia that Indian tribes were not sovereign nations , but also that tribes were entitled to their ancestral lands and could not be forced to move from them . Cherokee Nation v. Georgia , 30 U.S. 1 ( 1831 ) .
What is unique about cyberbullying is that it is typically covert , concealed , done in private , and the bully can remain anonymous .
Small substances constantly pass through plasma membranes .
[ link ] breaks down what is produced into five categories : durable goods , nondurable goods , services , structures , and the change in inventories .
Recall that Yahoo !
271 .
4537 .
2307 .
Deeper in the epidermis , near the base , are Ruffini endings , which are also known as bulbous corpuscles .
The somatic nervous system is associated with activities traditionally thought of as conscious or voluntary .
It was Anna Freud who encouraged Erikson to study psychoanalysis .
296 .
5528 .
Individuals who experience depersonalization might believe their thoughts and feelings are not their own ; they may feel robotic as though they lack control over their movements and speech ; they may experience a distorted sense of time and , in extreme cases , they may sense an “ out - of - body ” experience in which they see themselves from the vantage point of another person .
2892 .
The demands of the job are likely to restrict time with family and require forgoing privacy .
Amphibians can be divided into three clades : Urodela ( “ tailed - ones ” ) , the salamanders ; Anura ( “ tail - less ones ” ) , the frogs ; and Apoda ( “ legless ones ” ) , the caecilians .
1671 .
Reliability increases the likelihood that what happens to one person will happen to all people in a group .
The first step is to recreate the original DNA template strand ( called cDNA ) by applying DNA nucleotides to the mRNA .
Each of the thirteen colonies had also had its own courts , based on the British common law model .
2628 .
Men sported beards and grew their hair long ; both men and women wore clothing from non - Western cultures , defied their parents , rejected social etiquettes and manners , and turned to music as an expression of their sense of self .
Fruits generally have three parts : the exocarp ( the outermost skin or covering ) , the mesocarp ( middle part of the fruit ) , and the endocarp ( the inner part of the fruit ) .
Governors can also commute sentences , reducing the time an individual must serve,“Pardons , Reprieves , Commutations and Respites , ” http://www.sos.wv.gov / public - services / execrecords / Pages / Pardons.aspx ( March 14 , 2016 ) .
2183 .
Each sister chromatid develops a protein structure called a kinetochore in the centromeric region ( [ link ] ) .
1205 .
In 1964 , Theodore Lowi argued that it was possible to categorize policy based upon the degree to which costs and benefits were concentrated on the few or diffused across the many .
His New Look strategy embraced nuclear “ massive retaliation , ” a plan for nuclear response to a first Soviet strike so devastating that the attackers would not be able to respond .
President Franklin D. Roosevelt and the U.S. Congress rapidly reorganized the government ’s problem - solving efforts into a series of programs designed to revive the economy , stimulate economic development , and generate employment opportunities .
But even with identical genes , there remains an incredible amount of variability in how gene expression can unfold over the course of each twin ’s life .
Martin Luther ( [ link ] ) was a German Catholic monk who took issue with the Catholic Church ’s practice of selling indulgences , documents that absolved sinners of their errant behavior .
4932 .
A negative ∆G also means that the products of the reaction have less free energy than the reactants , because they gave off some free energy during the reaction .
In many cultures , newly married couples move in with , or near to , family members .
The inner ear contains the semi - circular canals , which are involved in balance and movement ( the vestibular sense ) , and the cochlea .
Naïve CD4 + cells bind APCs via their antigen - embedded MHC II molecules and are stimulated to become helper T ( TH ) lymphocytes , cells that go on to stimulate B cells ( or cytotoxic T cells ) directly or secrete cytokines to inform more and various target cells about the pathogenic threat .
The Agriculture and Food Research Initiative ( AFRI ) at the United States Department of Agriculture awards federal grants to projects that apply the best science to the most important agricultural problems , from food safety to childhood obesity .
The receptor can then respond to the stimuli .
2882 .
Contrast is the difference in intensity between objects and the background on which they are observed .
Similarly , many Westerners view the multiple manifestations of Hinduism ’s godhead as polytheistic , which is a religion based on belief in multiple deities , , while Hindus might describe those manifestations are a monotheistic parallel to the Christian Trinity .
1735 .
Epithelial TissuesEpithelial tissues cover the outside of organs and structures in the body and line the lumens of organs in a single layer or multiple layers of cells .
1160 .
So it makes sense that the goal of humanistic therapy is to help people become more self - aware and accepting of themselves .
If the voters stayed home , Johnson implied , his opponent , Republican Barry Goldwater , might start an atomic war .
Acid rain is corrosive rain caused by rainwater falling to the ground through sulfur dioxide gas , turning it into weak sulfuric acid , which causes damage to aquatic ecosystems .
The proboscis serves to capture food and may be ornamented with barbs in some species .
348 .
However , the majority rules the day in the House , like a cartel .
This exception is encoded within the Constitution in Article I , Section 7 , which states , “ All Bills for raising Revenue shall originate in the House of Representatives ; but the Senate may propose or concur with amendments as on other Bills . ”
3385 .
On entering office in March 1933 , President Roosevelt needed to quiet public fears about the economy and prevent people from removing their money from the banks .
For example , Christianity began as a cult , transformed into a sect , and today exists as an ecclesia .
Child slavery , which may include child prostitution , is a form of chattel slavery .
While genetically modified food is the hot - button issue within this category , farmers have long been creating new hybrids and patenting them .
6419 .
The term medicalization of deviance refers to the process that changes “ bad ” behavior into “ sick ” behavior .
3101 .
Much of what psychologists know about the functions of neurotransmitters comes from research on the effects of drugs in psychological disorders .
Latent functions can be beneficial , neutral , or harmful .
Its most famous application is carbon-14 dating .
This drive was actually an extension of the earlier military conflict between Christians and Muslims for domination of the Holy Land ( the Biblical region of Palestine ) , known as the Crusades .
Nodes are the points where the string does not move ; more generally , nodes are where the wave disturbance is zero in a standing wave .
For example , you would use recall for an essay test .
Harper v. Virginia Board of Elections , 383 U.S. 663 ( 1966 ) .
Second , the macroeconomy may adjust only slowly to shifts in aggregate demand because of sticky wages and prices , which are wages and prices that do not respond to decreases or increases in demand .
6932 .
In receptor - mediated endocytosis , as in phagocytosis , clathrin is attached to the cytoplasmic side of the plasma membrane .
The seller may also offer a buyer a chance to buy a service contract , where the buyer pays an extra amount and the seller agrees to fix anything that goes wrong for a set time period .
1935 .
Although there were large trading centers along these rivers , most West Africans lived in small villages and identified with their extended family or their clan .
The ( a ) black bear is an omnivore , eating both plants and animals .
772 .
Inflation in China averaged about 10 % per year for much of the 1980s and early 1990s , although it has dropped off since then .
4267 .
Most objects are nearly electrically neutral , and so attractive and repulsive Coulomb forces nearly cancel .
In 2014 , super PACs poured more than $ 300 million into supporting candidates . “Super PACs , ” https://www.opensecrets.org/pacs/superpacs.php?cycle=2014 ( November 11 , 2015 ) .
If exports and imports are equal , then trade is balanced .
Gage ’s actions led to the formation of local rebel militias that were able to mobilize in a minute ’s time .
2424 .
ATP represents the short - term stored energy of the cell .
7070 .
Expulsion refers to a subordinate group being forced , by a dominant group , to leave a certain area or country .
5876 .
A considerable amount of heat energy ( 586 cal ) is required to accomplish this change in water .
34 .
Behavior is the change in activity of an organism in response to a stimulus .
Finally , policy changes can come as a result of court actions or opinions , such as Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka ( 1954 ) , which formally ended school segregation in the United States .
Psychoneuroimmunology is the field that studies how psychological factors such as stress influence the immune system and immune functioning .
1201 .
52 .
In 1998 , Oregon became the first state to switch to mail - in voting when citizens passed a ballot measure for it to take effect .
2235 .
In 1976 , journalist Barbara Walters became the first female coanchor on a network news show , The ABC Evening News .
The U.S .
4296 .
In 1985 , anxiety over the messages of the music industry led to the founding of the Parents Music Resource Center ( PMRC ) , a bipartisan group formed by the wives of prominent Washington politicians including Susan Baker , the wife of Reagan ’s treasury secretary , James Baker , and Tipper Gore , the wife of then - senator Al Gore , who later became vice president under Bill Clinton .
Geography , race , gender , and other factors have always played a role in the reality of success .
Congress had already passed such a law in 1993 ; it was intended to extend protection to minority religions , such as by allowing rituals of the Native American Church .
Just as agrarian life depended on the seasons , village and family life revolved around the Church .
1157 .
Einstein essentially did the theoretical aspect of this method for relativity .
The innate immune system must respond accordingly : by identifying the extracellular pathogen and/or by identifying host cells that have already been infected .
The substitution effect is that when a good becomes more expensive , people seek out substitutes .
A base provides either hydroxide ions ( OH – ) or other negatively charged ions that combine with hydrogen ions , reducing their concentration in the solution and thereby raising the pH .
It is usually related to creative endeavors and leisure activities , but it can also be experienced by workers who like their jobs or students who love studying ( Csikszentmihalyi , 1999 ) .
4441 .
Some interest groups develop as grassroots movements , which often begin from the bottom up among a small number of people at the local level .
Unilateral descent ( the tracing of kinship through one parent only ) is practiced in the other 40 percent of the world ’s societies , with high concentration in pastoral cultures ( O’Neal 2006 ) .
4275 .
In this module we will illustrate the intimate connection between trade balances and flows of financial capital in two ways : a parable of trade between Robinson Crusoe and Friday , and a circular flow diagram representing flows of trade and payments .
Systolic pressure is measured by noting the value of hh size 12{h } { } when blood flow first begins as cuff pressure is lowered .
4950 .
However , President Woodrow Wilson , owing to a provision tacked onto the bill regarding presidential appointments , vetoed the legislation that would have transformed the budgeting process in this way .
5267 .
For example , each tree in a forest is an organism .
The FRC measures the amount of additional air that can be exhaled after a normal exhalation .
2573 .
1132 .
The quantity demanded is measured in millions of gallons over some time period ( for example , per day or per year ) and over some geographic area ( like a state or a country ) .
5638 .
This process is called sensory transduction . There are two broad types of cellular systems that perform sensory transduction .
In theory , communism promotes common ownership of all property , means of production , and materials .
Some parasitic plants have no leaves .
4525 .
6263 .
4050 .
The response to food begins even before food enters the mouth .
During inhalation , air enters the body through the nasal cavity located just inside the nose ( [ link ] ) .
Jeff Shesol .
Financial panics arise when too many people , worried about the solvency of their investments , try to withdraw their money at the same time .
“ The Founding Trio : Washington , Hamilton and Jefferson . ” http://lehrmaninstitute.org/history/FoundingTrio.asp
The magnetic field causes the hydrogen atoms in the body ’s cells to move .
3388 .
The field outside has similar complexities to flat loops and bar magnets , but the magnetic field strength inside a solenoid is simply
Remember , the demand curve traces consumers ’ willingness to pay for different quantities .
The process does not use oxygen and is therefore anaerobic .
In the twenty - first century , especially after the September 11 attacks , Muslims are the religious minority most likely to face discrimination .
The result of this prisoner ’s dilemma is often that even though A and B could make the highest combined profits by cooperating in producing a lower level of output and acting like a monopolist , the two firms may well end up in a situation where they each increase output and earn only $ 400 each in profits .
In the United States , people who earn a college degree , get a job promotion , or marry someone with a good income may move up socially .
Parabasalids move with flagella and membrane rippling .
It can be further subdivided into the sympathetic and parasympathetic divisions ( [ link ] ) .
Expressive crowds are people who join together to express emotion , often at funerals , weddings , or the like .
1674 .
Nineteen states have also opted not to cover more of their residents under Medicaid , as encouraged by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act in 2010 , for fear it will raise state public spending and increase employers ’ cost of employee benefits , despite provisions that the federal government will pick up nearly all cost of the expansion .
Genomics is the study of entire genomes , including the complete set of genes , their nucleotide sequence and organization , and their interactions within a species and with other species .
Many people had complained that the young men who were fighting in Vietnam should have the right to vote for or against those making decisions that might literally mean life or death for them .
Lipid insoluble hormones bind to receptors on the outer surface of the plasma membrane , via plasma membrane hormone receptors .
Orgasm is marked in women by rhythmic contractions of the pelvis and uterus along with increased muscle tension .
2449 .
In translation , the complex that assembles to start the process is referred to as the initiation complex .
In the mid-1970s , the fossil of an adult female A. afarensis was found in the Afar region of Ethiopia and dated to 3.24 million years ago ( [ link ] ) .
Upon implantation , this multi - cellular organism is called an embryo .
The IRB is a committee of individuals often made up of members of the institution ’s administration , scientists , and community members ( [ link ] ) .
3693 .
1020 .
6576 .
During the latter , he introduced many state - level reforms that later formed the basis of his New Deal as well as worked with several advisors who later formed the Brains Trust that advised his federal agenda .
Hydrogen will donate or share its electron to achieve this configuration , while lithium and sodium will donate their electron to become stable .
These temporarily induced magnets are called electromagnets .
1083 .
2740 .
Examples include breakfast cereal and milk ; notebooks and pens or pencils , golf balls and golf clubs ; gasoline and sport utility vehicles ; and the five - way combination of bacon , lettuce , tomato , mayonnaise , and bread .
The rather vague wording in Article II , which says that the “ executive power shall be vested ” in the president , has been subject to broad and sweeping interpretation in order to justify actions beyond those specifically enumerated in the document . U.S .
A sample is a subset of individuals selected from a population , which is the overall group of individuals that the researchers are interested in .
For one - way motion in one dimension , this is expressed in equation form as
When plants viruses are transferred between different plants , this is known as horizontal transmission , and when they are inherited from a parent , this is called vertical transmission . Symptoms of viral diseases vary according to the virus and its host ( [ link ] ) .
Media consolidation is a process in which fewer and fewer owners control the majority of media outlets .
Most researchers choose to survey a small sector of the population , or a sample : that is , a manageable number of subjects who represent a larger population .
2626 .
A natural monopoly poses a difficult challenge for competition policy , because the structure of costs and demand seems to make competition unlikely or costly .
6312 .
3314 .
2644 .
These individual virus particles are the infectious form of a virus outside the host cell .
4300 .
1518 .
How will this affect interest rates in financial markets ?
By 1905 , he had grown wary of Booker T. Washington ’s calls for African Americans to accommodate white racism and focus solely on self - improvement .
In effect , this amendment outlawed slavery in the United States .
5643 .
4277 .
One is natural monopoly , where the barriers to entry are something other than legal prohibition .
However , at the same time , it overturned restrictions on expenditures by candidates and their families , as well as total expenditures by campaigns . Buckley v. Valeo , 75 - 436 , 424 U.S. 1 ( 1976 ) .
6080 .
3946 .
Thus , if oligopolists always match price cuts by other firms in the cartel , but do not match price increases , then none of the oligopolists will have a strong incentive to change prices , since the potential gains are minimal .
In 2011 , the United States reached its debt ceiling , or maximum allowed debt amount .
Brain ImagingYou have learned how brain injury can provide information about the functions of different parts of the brain .
In men , pelvic contractions are accompanied by a buildup of seminal fluid near the urethra that is ultimately forced out by contractions of genital muscles , ( i.e. , ejaculation ) .
For example , a child who observes his cousin react fearfully to spiders may later express the same fears , even though spiders have never presented any danger to him .
Many white southerners who objected to sending their children to school with blacks then established private academies that admitted only white students .
“ Combatting Religious Discrimination and Protecting Religious Freedom , ” http://www.justice.gov/crt/combating-religious-discrimination-and-protecting-religious-freedom-16 ( April 10 , 2016 ) .
While he was not the first to invent the concept , Bell was the first one to capitalize on it ; after securing the patent , he worked with financiers and businessmen to create the National Bell Telephone Company .
Once the particulars of implementation have been spelled out in the legislation authorizing a new program , bureaucracies move to enact it .
During the Great Depression , Horney moved from Germany to the United States , and subsequently moved away from Freud ’s teachings .
In thinking about the disruptions of foreign trade , or any of the other possible costs and tradeoffs of foreign trade discussed in this chapter , the best public policy solutions typically do not involve protectionism , but instead involve finding ways for public policy to address the particular issues , while still allowing the benefits of international trade to occur .
Once the afferent arterioles are constricted , blood flow into the nephrons stops .
2359 .
Consumers such as animals use organic compounds generated by producers and release carbon dioxide to the atmosphere .
The lingual lipase begins the breakdown of fat components in the food .
The outsider phenomenon has been most clearly demonstrated , however , in the 2016 presidential nominating process , as those distrusted by the party establishment , such as Senator Ted Cruz and Donald Trump , who never before held political office , raced ahead of party favorites like Jeb Bush early in the primary process ( [ link]).Senator Ted Cruz ( R - TX ) , though disliked by the party establishment , was able to rise to the top in the Iowa caucuses in 2016 because of his ability to reach the conservative base of the party .
In addition , he called for the creation of a League of Nations to promote the new world order and preserve territorial integrity through open discussions in place of intimidation and war .
The ultimate political goal of the National Organization for Women ( NOW ) was the passage of an Equal Rights Amendment ( ERA ) .
Robert Sternberg ( 1986 ) proposed that there are three components of love : intimacy , passion , and commitment .
6872 .
Chemical reactions occur when two or more atoms bond together to form molecules or when bonded atoms are broken apart .
The resolution of such disputes can preserve the autonomy of one level of government , as illustrated recently when the Supreme Court ruled that states can not interfere with the federal government ’s actions relating to immigration . Arizona v. United States , 567 U.S. _ _ ( 2012 ) .
1353 .
Gnetophytes
Another subtype , peripartum onset ( commonly referred to as postpartum depression ) , applies to women who experience major depression during pregnancy or in the four weeks following the birth of their child ( APA , 2013 ) .
The medulla controls the automatic processes of the autonomic nervous system , such as breathing , blood pressure , and heart rate .
are owned by individual people and companies rather than by the government , as the “ dictatorship of the bourgeoisie .
1507 .
Before then , Progressivism was work done by the people , for the people .
Some people prefer even more active and direct forms of engagement such as protest marches and demonstrations , including civil disobedience .
143 .
One of the important factors under hormonal control is the stomach acid environment .
1031 .
Such a fast - paced dynamic is not always to our benefit .
( In most states , the bond seller makes money because the defendant does not get back the money for the bond , and most people show up for their trials . )
More technically , dispersion occurs whenever there is a process that changes the direction of light in a manner that depends on wavelength .
Indeed , the trade deficit grew quite large in the late 1990s and in the mid-2000s .
While variables are sometimes correlated because one does cause the other , it could also be that some other factor , a confounding variable , is actually causing the systematic movement in our variables of interest .
Therefore , changes in the environment , the pathogen , or the host population can dramatically impact the spread of a disease .
2746 .
In 1915 , biologist Ronald Fisher proposed another model of sexual selection : the Fisherian runaway model , which suggests that selection of certain traits is a result of sexual preference . In both the handicap principle and the good genes hypothesis , the trait is said to be an honest signal of the males ’ quality , thus giving females a way to find the fittest mates — males that will pass the best genes to their offspring .
In prokaryotic cells , there are three types of regulatory molecules that can affect the expression of operons : repressors , activators , and inducers .
These publishers , and many others who printed news stories for maximum drama and effect , knew that war would provide sensational copy .
These experimental requirements were put in place to eliminate “ interpretation ” in the reporting of internal experiences and to counter the argument that there is no way to know that an individual is observing their mind or consciousness accurately , since it can not be seen by any other person .
When certain features of the situation were changed , participants were less likely to continue to deliver shocks ( Milgram , 1965 ) .
251 .
651 .
The majority of cells in the blood are erythrocytes ( red blood cells ) .
3309 .
4335 .
A vertical LRAS curve means that the level of aggregate supply ( or potential GDP ) will determine the real GDP of the economy , regardless of the level of aggregate demand .
This is called the Rule of Four .
Unlike PACs , however , super PACs can not contribute money directly to individual candidates .
The takings clause says that “ private property [ can not ] be taken for public use , without just compensation . ”
3851 .
2267 .
This single pathway is called by different names : the citric acid cycle ( for the first intermediate formed — citric acid , or citrate — when acetate joins to the oxaloacetate ) , the TCA cycle ( since citric acid or citrate and isocitrate are tricarboxylic acids ) , and the Krebs cycle , after Hans Krebs , who first identified the steps in the pathway in the 1930s in pigeon flight muscles .
Displacement , velocity , acceleration , and force , for example , are all vectors .
If a bulldozer pushes a car into a wall , the car will not move but it will noticeably change shape .
This is defined to be the de Broglie wavelength .
5115 .
Another field of biological study , neurobiology , studies the biology of the nervous system , and although it is considered a branch of biology , it is also recognized as an interdisciplinary field of study known as neuroscience .
Securitization offers certain advantages .
When light hits a photoreceptor , it causes a shape change in the retinal , altering its structure from a bent ( cis ) form of the molecule to its linear ( trans ) isomer .
1437 .
Executive agreements are negotiated by the president , and in the case of sole executive agreements , they are simultaneously approved by the president as well .
This difference in the number of embryonic leaves is the basis for the two major groups of angiosperms : the monocots and the eudicots .
Higher - level consumers feed on the next lower tropic levels , and so on , up to the organisms at the top of the food chain : the apex consumers .
[ link ] shows Alphonso ’s budget constraint , that is , the outer boundary of his opportunity set .
Let us explore the differences between these concepts .
4450 .
Proteomics complements genomics and is useful when scientists want to test their hypotheses that were based on genes .
728 .
MHC II molecules interact with helper T - cells to trigger the appropriate immune response , which may include the inflammatory response . Lymphocytes , such as NK cells , are characterized by their large nuclei that actively absorb Wright stain and therefore appear dark colored under a microscope .
The cerebellum controls balance and aids in coordinating movement and learning new motor tasks .
Shelby County v. Holder , 570 U.S. _ _ _ ( 2013 ) .
We see decentralization when we cross state lines and encounter different taxation levels , welfare eligibility requirements , and voting regulations , to name just a few .
In each cardiac cycle , the heart contracts ( systole ) , pushing out the blood and pumping it through the body ; this is followed by a relaxation phase ( diastole ) , where the heart fills with blood , as illustrated in [ link ] .
These photoreceptor cells , known as cones , are light - detecting cells .
6650 .
When a government intervenes in the foreign exchange market so that the exchange rate of its currency is different from what the market would have produced , it is said to have established a “ peg ” for its currency .
Over time , however , ads became more negative and manipulative .
1243 .
Transgender individuals who attempt to alter their bodies through medical interventions such as surgery and hormonal therapy — so that their physical being is better aligned with gender identity — are called transsexuals .
If a central bank ends up in a situation where it is perpetually creating and selling its own currency on foreign exchange markets , it will be buying the currency of other countries , like U.S. dollars or euros , to hold as reserves .
Where will people live ?
Recall that a zygote is a fertilized egg : the first cell of the development of an organism that reproduces sexually .
5287 .
For this reason , it is linked to priming : when media coverage predisposes the viewer or reader to a particular perspective on a subject or issue .
20 .
Social anxiety disorder ( formerly called social phobia ) is characterized by extreme and persistent fear or anxiety and avoidance of social situations in which the person could potentially be evaluated negatively by others ( APA , 2013 ) .
New York Times .
[ link ] illustrates the process by using an aggregate demand / aggregate supply diagram in a growing economy .
All societies practice social control , the regulation and enforcement of norms .
2446 .
4811 .
113 .
3035 .
He called these , respectively , dominant and recessive traits .
This is one of the many reasons incumbents win a large majority of congressional races each electoral cycle .
A diagnosis of generalized anxiety disorder requires that the diffuse worrying and apprehension characteristic of this disorder — what Sigmund Freud referred to as free - floating anxiety — is not part of another disorder , occurs more days than not for at least six months , and is accompanied by any three of the following symptoms : restlessness , difficulty concentrating , being easily fatigued , muscle tension , irritability , and sleep difficulties .
4016 .
2568 .
Within a year , more than one hundred cities had desegregated at least some public accommodations in response to student - led demonstrations .
2201 .
The most significant innovation of this era was Henry Ford ’s Model T Ford , which made car ownership available to the average American .
Stamens are composed of a thin stalk called a filament and a sac - like structure called the anther .
The feathers on a wing are flexible , so the collective feathers move and separate as air moves through them , reducing the drag on the wing .
4291 .
Word quickly spread , and within a few weeks all of Sutter ’s employees had left to search for gold .
Alexander Hamilton ( a ) , who had served under General George Washington ( b ) during the Revolutionary War , argued for a strong executive in Federalist No .
Phylum Annelida includes segmented worms .
1058 .
As we discussed briefly in the previous section , classical conditioning is a process by which we learn to associate stimuli and , consequently , to anticipate events .
It returned to Native American tribes the right to institute self - government on their reservations , write constitutions , and manage their remaining lands and resources .
( Since inflation is a time when the buying power of money in terms of goods and services is reduced , deflation will be a time when the buying power of money in terms of goods and services increases . )
Genocide , the deliberate annihilation of a targeted ( usually subordinate ) group , is the most toxic intergroup relationship .
We are all prone to committing the memory error known as absentmindedness .
The second pathway of phobia acquisition is through vicarious learning , such as modeling .
Having discussed the revenue ( taxes ) and expense ( spending ) side of the budget , we now turn to the annual budget deficit or surplus , which is the difference between the tax revenue collected and spending over a fiscal year , which starts October 1 and ends September 30 of the next year .
Lymph nodes are specialized organs that filter the lymph by percolation through a maze of connective tissue filled with white blood cells .
Thus , the marginal utility that Lilly would gain from , say , increasing her consumption of books from two to three must be equal to the marginal utility that she would lose if her consumption of doughnuts was cut from 120 to 84—so that her overall utility remains unchanged between points A and B .
For unemployment caused by a recession , the Keynesian economic model points out that both monetary and fiscal policy tools are available .
When a hormone is not bound to the receptor , the G - protein is inactive and is bound to guanosine diphosphate , or GDP .
6261 .
The complete mRNA / poly - ribosome structure is called a polysome .
Some people are born deaf , which is known as congenital deafness .
In other words , these people are involuntarily unemployed .
The lac operon is a typical inducible operon .
Net primary productivity is an estimation of all of the organic matter available as food ; it is calculated as the total amount of carbon fixed per year minus the amount that is oxidized during cellular respiration .
1468 .
There are several different types of partial reinforcement schedules ( [ link ] ) .
Opponents of ratification were called Anti - Federalists .
Forebrain StructuresThe two hemispheres of the cerebral cortex are part of the forebrain ( [ link ] ) , which is the largest part of the brain .
When new firms enter the industry in response to increased industry profits it is called entry .
4654 .
5683 .
2532 .
Rock the Vote began in 1990 , with the goal of bringing music , art , and pop culture together to encourage the youth to participate in government .
Old habits are hard to break .
Together , all three are known as the pericarp .
Article II of the Constitution lays out the agreed - upon requirements — the chief executive must be at least thirty - five years old and a “ natural born ” citizen of the United States ( or a citizen at the time of the Constitution ’s adoption ) who has been an inhabitant of the United States for at least fourteen years .
Payroll taxes have increased steadily over time .
2980 .
The No Child Left Behind Act , signed into law in January 2002 , erected a system of testing to measure and ultimately improve student performance in reading and math at all schools that received federal funds ( [ link ] ) .
A phylogenetic tree is a diagram used to reflect evolutionary relationships among organisms or groups of organisms .
This is known as deceleration .
Symptoms of PTSD include intrusive and distressing memories of the event , flashbacks ( states that can last from a few seconds to several days , during which the individual relives the event and behaves as if the event were occurring at that moment [ APA , 2013 ] ) , avoidance of stimuli connected to the event , persistently negative emotional states ( e.g. , fear , anger , guilt , and shame ) , feelings of detachment from others , irritability , proneness toward outbursts , and an exaggerated startle response ( jumpiness ) .
DNA is a helix - shaped molecule made up of nucleotide base pairs .
One is protein - based and the other is RNA - based .
Sleep apnea is defined by episodes during which a sleeper ’s breathing stops .
For example , insulin is a protein hormone that helps to regulate the blood glucose level .
3740 .
In terms of our health , the expression , “ do n’t worry , be happy ” is helpful advice indeed .
Stanley Milgram was a social psychology professor at Yale who was influenced by the trial of Adolf Eichmann , a Nazi war criminal .
The term limits movement gained momentum in the 1990s , spreading across a wide array of state legislative institutions .
That rate of return can come in two forms .
6503 .
In late 2008 , as the U.S. economy struggled with recession , the Federal Reserve had already reduced the interest rate to near - zero .
Profits from the sale of goods produced by workers should be distributed so laborers recovered in the form of wages the value their effort had added to the finished product .
Polarization microscopes are useful for objects that are optically active or birefringent , particularly if those characteristics vary from place to place in the object .
Opposition is the movement of the thumb toward the fingers of the same hand , making it possible to grasp and hold objects .
2453 .
[ link ] shows spending patterns for the average U.S. household .
In 1964 , Theodore Lowi argued that it was possible to categorize policy based upon the degree to which costs and benefits were concentrated on the few or diffused across the many .
The process by which capital ages and loses value is called depreciation .
The genotypic ratio would therefore be 2:1 .
Town of Greece v. Galloway 572 U.S. _ _ _ ( 2014 ) .
For instance , all of the trees , flowers , insects , and other populations in a forest form the forest ’s community .
3836 .
The following Clear It Up feature explores another aspect of the election process : spending .
We are assuming that speed is constant during the trip , which is unrealistic given that we ’ll probably stop at the store .
The hornworts ( Anthocerotophyta ) belong to the broad bryophyte group .
5715 .
After all , in the short term , economists would expect the budget deficits and surpluses to fluctuate up and down with the economy and the automatic stabilizers .
The dogs ’ salivation was an unconditioned response ( UCR ) : a natural ( unlearned ) reaction to a given stimulus .
Vector addition is commutative .
Gerontologists investigate age , aging , and the aged .
So committed were the British to the protection of these natural rights that when the royal Stuart dynasty began to intrude upon them in the seventeenth century , Parliament removed King James II , already disliked because he was Roman Catholic , in the Glorious Revolution and invited his Protestant daughter and her husband to rule the nation .
3854 .
This form of representation is called descriptive representation .
This is true for other perceptions of sound , such as music and noise .
Ironically , violence directed indiscriminately against Chinese , Japanese , Koreans , and Vietnamese caused members of these groups to unite around a shared pan - Asian identity , much as Native Americans had in the Pan - Indian movement .
490 .
Bush spoke to the workers and first responders and encouraged them , but his short speech became a viral clip demonstrating the resilience of New Yorkers and the anger of a nation .
There also appear to be specific neurotransmitters involved with the process of memory , such as epinephrine , dopamine , serotonin , glutamate , and acetylcholine ( Myhrer , 2003 ) .
Glands on the leaf surface secrete enzymes that slowly digest the insect .
1386 .
2375 .
Another type of hydrocarbon , aromatic hydrocarbons , consists of closed rings of carbon atoms .
2693 .
Some firms reinvested their savings in their own businesses .
Throughout the cardiac cycle , the blood continues to empty into the arterioles at a relatively even rate .
Stains ( such as dyes , fluorophores , etc . )
1846 .
403 .
Indeed , state constitutions had bills of rights , which the first Congress used as the source for the first ten amendments to the Constitution .
James Prescott Joule ( 1818 – 1889 ) performed many experiments to establish the mechanical equivalent of heat — the work needed to produce the same effects as heat transfer .
In addition , he called for the creation of a League of Nations to promote the new world order and preserve territorial integrity through open discussions in place of intimidation and war .
The poor may also have low levels of efficacy , which refers to the conviction that you can make a difference or that government cares about you and your views .
Their non - reactivity has resulted in their being named the inert gases ( or noble gases ) .
3258 .
646 .
Although they do not resemble the other lipids , they are grouped with them because they are also hydrophobic and insoluble in water .
This is in contrast to organizational structures that have individuals at their base ( Naquin & Tynan , 2003 ) .
Dormancy helps keep seeds viable during unfavorable conditions .
765 .
While the scientific paper almost certainly answered one or more scientific questions that were stated , any good research should lead to more questions .
Later dubbed the Monroe Doctrine , this declaration of principles laid the foundation for the growth of American power in the twentieth century .
At the same time , neither the federal government nor state governments can allow someone ’s right to free expression to interfere with someone else ’s ability to exercise his or her own rights .
If nations such as China , India , Brazil , Mexico , and others are developing their economies by burning vast amounts of fossil fuels or by stripping their forest and wildlife habitats , then the world ’s high - income countries acting alone will not be able to reduce greenhouse gases .
Another work program was the Civilian Conservation Corps Relief Act ( CCC ) .
17 .
3571 .
Depression is the opposite of elevation — movement downward of a bone , such as after the shoulders are shrugged and the scapulae return to their normal position from an elevated position .
In contrast , convergent thinking describes the ability to provide a correct or well - established answer or solution to a problem ( Cropley , 2006 ; Gilford , 1967 )
Six molecules of both ATP and NADPH are used .
Disaccharides ( di- = “ two ” ) form when two monosaccharides undergo a dehydration reaction ( also known as a condensation reaction or dehydration synthesis ) .
7090 .
This is not reverse osmosis , because there is no back pressure to cause it .
3741 .
4461 .
While monetary policy is made by policymakers at the Federal Reserve , fiscal policy is made by Congress and the President . The discussion of fiscal policy focuses on how federal government taxing and spending affects aggregate demand .
In the summer of 1971 , an advertisement was placed in a California newspaper asking for male volunteers to participate in a study about the psychological effects of prison life .
Higher amplitudes are associated with louder sounds .
To the extent that the investments made generate real rates of return , retirees do not suffer from the inflation costs of traditional pensioners . However , ordinary people can sometimes benefit from the unintended redistributions of inflation .
This is believed to have been as much a driving force as pollination .
4147 .
Having entire genomes sequenced helps with the research efforts in these model organisms .
2015 .
1284 .
Supreme Court clerks are often reluctant to share insider information about their experiences , but it is always fascinating and informative to hear about their jobs .
A polar substance that interacts readily with or dissolves in water is referred to as hydrophilic ( hydro- = “ water ” ; -philic = “ loving ” ) .
The search for a correct theory linking the forces , called the Grand Unified Theory ( GUT ) , is explored in this section in the realm of particle physics .
the business cycle ) is known as cyclical unemployment .
As a direct tax on the colonists , the Stamp Act imposed an internal tax on almost every type of printed paper colonists used , including newspapers , legal documents , and playing cards .
4993 .
Carbohydrates are present only on the exterior surface of the plasma membrane and are attached to proteins , forming glycoproteins , or attached to lipids , forming glycolipids .
The first inhabitants of what would be named the Americas migrated across this bridge in search of food .
In fact , the Court might have remained in a state of what Hamilton called its “ natural feebleness ” if not for the man who filled the vacancy Jay had refused — the fourth chief justice , John Marshall .
Almost no cotton was grown in the United States in 1787 , the year the federal constitution was written .
This phrase , which implies divine encouragement for territorial expansion , was coined by magazine editor John O’Sullivan in 1845 , when he wrote in the United States Magazine and Democratic Review that “ it was our manifest destiny to overspread the continent allotted by Providence for the free development of our multiplying millions . ”
To simplify , let ’s say that Saudi Arabia and the United States each have 100 worker hours ( see [ link ] ) .
If it can not change its ways , it will go out of business .
Instead , Pennsylvania had a one - house — a unicameral — legislature .
2039 .
4974 .
If an individual is mandated to attend therapy , she is seeking services involuntarily .
Another source of methane is the melting of clathrates .
613 .
These substantial U.S. trade deficits may not be sustainable according to Sebastian Edwards writing for the National Bureau of Economic Research .
A standing vertebrate animal can be divided by several planes .
273 .
The thousands of other hues that we can distinguish among are created by various combinations of stimulations of the three types of cones .
Sebaceous glands are located over most of the body .
Currently , following the handing down of decisions in King v. Burwell ( 2015 ) and Obergefell v. Hodges ( 2015 ) , which allowed the Affordable Care Act ’s subsidies and prohibited states from denying same - sex marriage , respectively , 45 percent of people said they approved of the way the Supreme Court handled its job , down 4 percent from before the decisions .
1965 .
He also famously used a unilateral proclamation to issue the Emancipation Proclamation , which cited the military necessity of declaring millions of slaves in Confederate - controlled territory to be free .
It seems reasonable to assume that smoking causes cancer , but if we were limited to correlational research , we would be overstepping our bounds by making this assumption .
Despite the power of the conferences , however , the most important leadership position in the House is actually elected by the entire body of representatives .
: economic growth , low unemployment , and low inflation .
2991 .
In 1962 , Congress proposed what later became the Twenty - Fourth Amendment , which banned the poll tax in elections to federal ( but not state or local ) office ; the amendment went into effect after being ratified in early 1964 .
4769 .
Food then passes by digestive and salivary glands , and into the stomach , then onto the intestines .
In the S phase , DNA replication can proceed through the mechanisms that result in the formation of identical pairs of DNA molecules — sister chromatids — that are firmly attached to the centromeric region .
This pattern of brain wave activity resembles that of someone who is very relaxed , yet awake .
( credit : modification of work by Magnus Manske )
Women were responsible for purchasing goods for the home , so by exercising the power of the purse , they could wield more power than they had in the past .
6996 .
Within forty - eight hours of his inauguration , Roosevelt proclaimed an official bank holiday and called Congress into a special session to address the crisis .
Each condition adds to the likelihood that collective behavior will occur .
The unique sequence of amino acids in a polypeptide chain is its primary structure .
6164 .
6543 .
Sure , the average worker in 2014 is better educated and more productive than the average worker in 1970 — but not six times more productive .
Sequence mapping resulted from DNA sequencing technology that allowed for the creation of detailed physical maps with distances measured in terms of the number of base pairs .
In 1796 , political rivals John Adams and Thomas Jefferson were elected president and vice president , respectively .
Finally , when the Senate joins the House in a joint session , the Speaker presides over these sessions , because they are usually held in the House of Representatives .
36 .
6810 .
German sociologist Norbert Elias called the process of simultaneously analyzing the behavior of individuals and the society that shapes that behavior figuration .
Since the total cost of producing 40 haircuts is $ 320 , the average total cost for producing each of 40 haircuts is $ 320/40 , or $ 8 per haircut .
596 .
This depolarization is called an excitatory postsynaptic potential ( EPSP ) and makes the postsynaptic neuron more likely to fire an action potential .
Other defense mechanisms include rationalization , displacement , and sublimation .
845 .
5465 .
A law uses concise language to describe a generalized pattern in nature that is supported by scientific evidence and repeated experiments .
4177 .
2609 .
Other types of RNA — like rRNA , tRNA , and microRNA — are involved in protein synthesis and its regulation .
For example , strong emotional experiences can trigger the release of neurotransmitters , as well as hormones , which strengthen memory ; therefore , our memory for an emotional event is usually better than our memory for a non - emotional event .
New York : Penguin Books .
Another tool used by population ecologists is a survivorship curve , which is a graph of the number of individuals surviving at each age interval plotted versus time ( usually with data compiled from a life table ) .
For example , Vivien Thomas ( 1910–1985 ) , the black surgical technician who helped develop the groundbreaking surgical technique that saves the lives of “ blue babies ” was classified as a janitor for many years , and paid as such , despite the fact that he was conducting complicated surgical experiments .
The Twenty - Third Amendment ( 1961 ) allowed residents of Washington , DC to vote for the president .
An often overlooked category is corporate crime , or crime committed by white - collar workers in a business environment .
4763 .
Grutter v. Bollinger , 539 U.S. 306 ( 2003 ) .
Regulation of gun ownership incites strong emotions , because it invokes the Second Amendment and state culture .
The climate of a biome is characterized by having consistent temperature and annual rainfall ranges .
756 .
5434 .
A critical element of this definition is that it emphasizes the importance of how we appraise — that is , judge — demanding or threatening events ( often referred to as stressors ) ; these appraisals , in turn , influence our reactions to such events .
2022 .
“ Abraham Lincoln : Impact and Legacy , ” http://millercenter.org­/president / biography / lincoln - impact - and - legacy ( May 24 , 2016 ) .
Although governments and regimes are constantly changing across the global landscape , it is generally safe to say that most modern absolute monarchies are concentrated in the Middle East and Africa .
Symptoms of viral diseases vary according to the virus and its host ( [ link ] ) .
Huge power input heats the fuel , evaporating the confining pellet and crushing the fuel to high density with the expanding hot plasma produced .
λ = hp ( matter and photons ) , λ = hp ( matter and photons ) , size 12 { λ = { { h } over { p } } } { } where h h size 12 { h } { } is Planck ’s constant and p p size 12 { p } { } is momentum .
A huge mushroom cloud rose above the city .
In both males and females , FSH stimulates gamete production and LH stimulates production of hormones by the gonads .
The coronary arteries branch from the aorta and surround the outer surface of the heart like a crown .
4872 .
PolysaccharidesA long chain of monosaccharides linked by glycosidic bonds is known as a polysaccharide ( poly- = “ many ” ) .
1843 .
Reservation land was usually poor , however , and attempts to farm or raise livestock , not traditional occupations for most western tribes anyway , often ended in failure .
2244 .
Feynman diagrams are not only a useful tool for visualizing interactions at the quantum mechanical level , they are also used to calculate details of interactions , such as their strengths and probability of occurring .
The leathery - beaked platypus belongs to the family Ornithorhynchidae ( “ bird beak ” ) , whereas echidnas belong to the family Tachyglossidae ( “ sticky tongue ” ) ( [ link ] ) .
Lipids include a diverse group of compounds that are largely nonpolar in nature .
Secretary of State Clay championed what was known as the American System of high tariffs , a national bank , and federally sponsored internal improvements of canals and roads .
Gibberellins ( GAs ) are a group of about 125 closely related plant hormones that stimulate shoot elongation , seed germination , and fruit and flower maturation .
This attraction is sometimes stronger than water ’s cohesive forces , especially when the water is exposed to charged surfaces such as those found on the inside of thin glass tubes known as capillary tubes .
The realtor may be challenging your anchoring bias .
Chemical signals are released by signaling cells in the form of small , usually volatile or soluble molecules called ligands .
5773 .
A demand curve or a supply curve is a relationship between two , and only two , variables when all other variables are kept constant .
3158 .
The virus core contains the genome or total genetic content of the virus .
3956 .
1543 .
5651 .
The balance of trade ( or trade balance ) is any gap between a nation ’s dollar value of its exports , or what its producers sell abroad , and a nation ’s dollar worth of imports , or the foreign - made products and services that households and businesses purchase .
5126 .
A perfectly competitive firm is known as a price taker , because the pressure of competing firms forces them to accept the prevailing equilibrium price in the market .
Parasomnias can occur in either REM or NREM phases of sleep .
He argued for the creation of an American republic , a state without a king , and extolled the blessings of republicanism , a political philosophy that held that elected representatives , not a hereditary monarch , should govern states .
The portion of the embryo between the cotyledon attachment point and the radicle is known as the hypocotyl ( hypocotyl means “ below the cotyledons ” ) .
One strategy is rehearsal , or the conscious repetition of information to be remembered ( Craik & Watkins , 1973 ) . 3919 .
Research suggests that we are quite sensitive to the emotional information communicated through body language , even if we ’re not consciously aware of it ( de Gelder , 2006 ; Tamietto et al . , 2009 ) .
Anderson and Tushman ( 1990 ) suggest an evolutionary model of technological change , in which a breakthrough in one form of technology leads to a number of variations .
This activity of production goes beyond manufacturing ( i.e. , making things ) .
6848 .
In positive punishment , you add an undesirable stimulus to decrease a behavior .
6879 .
Essentially , if an organism does something that brings about a desired result , the organism is more likely to do it again .
6402 .
Donald B.
To be subject to evolution by natural selection , a behavior must have a significant genetic cause .
Because by doing so , we can control for both experimenter and participant expectations .
The process of removing introns and reconnecting exons is called splicing ( [ link ] ) .
1230 .
Health psychologists are interested in helping individuals achieve better health through public policy , education , intervention , and research .
Unlike hippies , however , yuppies were materialistic and obsessed with image , comfort , and economic prosperity .
Ground tissue serves as a site for photosynthesis , provides a supporting matrix for the vascular tissue , and helps to store water and sugars .
3960 .
1464 .
Inversions may occur in nature as a result of mechanical shear , or from the action of transposable elements ( special DNA sequences capable of facilitating the rearrangement of chromosome segments with the help of enzymes that cut and paste DNA sequences ) .
The second provision of the Fourteenth Amendment that pertains to applying the Bill of Rights to the states is the due process clause , which says , “ nor shall any State deprive any person of life , liberty , or property , without due process of law . ”
In the case of Branzburg v. Hayes ( 1972 ) , three journalists were placed in contempt of court for refusing to divulge sources .
Behaviorism has also led to research on environmental influences on human behavior .
The net export component of GDP is equal to the dollar value of exports ( X ) minus the dollar value of imports ( M ) , ( X – M ) .
The first Jesuits arrived in Quebec in the 1620s , and for the next century , their numbers did not exceed forty priests .
While in the short run firms are limited to operating on a single average cost curve ( corresponding to the level of fixed costs they have chosen ) , in the long run when all costs are variable , they can choose to operate on any average cost curve .
4 : 890 – 907 .
On that night , a crowd of Bostonians from many walks of life started throwing snowballs , rocks , and sticks at the British soldiers guarding the customs house .
Revolutionaries advocated direct representative democracy , dismantled Catholicism , replaced that religion with a new philosophy known as the Cult of the Supreme Being , renamed the months of the year , and relentlessly employed the guillotine against their enemies .
The hand includes the eight bones of the carpus ( wrist ) , the five bones of the metacarpus ( palm ) , and the 14 bones of the phalanges ( digits ) .
No muscles are contracting to expel the air .
When questioned by police , the ringleader of the crime explained that the victims were gay and “ looked like [ they ] liked it ” ( Wilson and Baker 2010 ) .
A rule requiring certain safety standards can limit imports just as effectively as high tariffs or low import quotas , for instance .
904 .
2923 .
These temporarily induced magnets are called electromagnets .
The word “ filibuster ” comes from the Dutch word vrijbuiter , which means pirate .
Third , specialization allows businesses to take advantage of economies of scale , which means that for many goods , as the level of production increases , the average cost of producing each individual unit declines .
A neuron can be compared to an electrical wire — it transmits a signal from one place to another .
5137 .
Children purchased Victory Stamps and exchanged full stamp booklets for bonds .
In it , she urged him , “ Hurrah and vote for suffrage ! ”
532 .
1743 .
One might say that screening makes the Coulomb force a short range force rather than long range .
Small , virus - like particles called gene transfer agents ( GTAs ) transfer random genomic segments from one species of prokaryote to another .
Thus , a confederation was created — an entity in which independent , self - governing states form a union for the purpose of acting together in areas such as defense .
The court ruled that during a time of war , the federal government was justified in passing such laws to quiet dissenters .
Where did the Federal Reserve get the $ 20 million that it used to purchase the bonds ?
1018 .
The process of turning on a gene to produce RNA and protein is called gene expression .
562 .
less liquid .
Common resources are subject to an economic pressure known as the tragedy of the commons in which essentially no fisher has a motivation to exercise restraint in harvesting a fishery when it is not owned by that fisher .
The neurotransmitters are transported across the very small distances between nerve cells , which are called chemical synapses ( [ link ] ) .
2989 .
5087 .
Because of the Fourteenth Amendment , state governments must protect this right also .
Stressful stimuli cause the hypothalamus to signal the adrenal medulla ( which mediates short - term stress responses ) via nerve impulses , and the adrenal cortex , which mediates long - term stress responses , via the hormone adrenocorticotropic hormone ( ACTH ) , which is produced by the anterior pituitary .
Some of these new millionaires were known in their day as robber barons , a negative term that connoted the belief that they exploited workers and bent laws to succeed .
2045 .
7009 .
19 .
These are examples of proactive interference : when old information hinders the recall of newly learned information .
While sponges ( excluding the hexactinellids ) do not exhibit tissue - layer organization , they do have different cell types that perform distinct functions .
The second kind of protein with which PKC can interact is a protein that acts as an inhibitor .
Unlike functionalists , conflict theorists do n’t see these factors as positive functions of society .
1833 .
1411 .
5707 .
While he accepted that some aspects of research design might be influenced by personal values , he declared it was entirely inappropriate to allow personal values to shape the interpretation of the responses .
Flextime usually involves a requirement of core hours spent in the workplace around which the employee may schedule his arrival and departure from work to meet family demands .
These lapses in memory are caused by breaks in attention or our focus being somewhere else . Cynthia , a psychologist , recalls a time when she recently committed the memory error of absentmindedness .
Previously , regional reserve banks , particularly the New York Reserve Bank — controlled by the powerful Morgan and Rockefeller families — had dominated policy - making at the Federal Reserve .
In the United States , several newspaper editors openly questioned the purchase and labeled it “ Seward ’s Folly ” ( [ link ] ) .
Like mammals , which are also endothermic , birds have an insulating covering that keeps heat in the body : feathers .
He subsequently founded a school of psychology called individual psychology , which focuses on our drive to compensate for feelings of inferiority .
Next , we need to determine a conversion factor relating meters to kilometers .
Does the majority view prevail in the case of sugar quotas ?
Each species of eukaryotes has a characteristic number of chromosomes in the nuclei of its cells .
[ link ] illustrates an elastic collision in which internal kinetic energy and momentum are conserved .
In 1882 , Congress passed the Chinese Exclusion Act , which prevented Chinese from immigrating to the United States for ten years and prevented Chinese already in the country from becoming citizens ( [ link ] ) .
7011 .
The desire of businesses to avoid competing so that they can instead raise the prices that they charge and earn higher profits has been well understood by economists .
The brain ’s parietal lobe is located immediately behind the frontal lobe , and is involved in processing information from the body ’s senses .
Organs are collections of tissues grouped together performing a common function .
Physics as it developed from the Renaissance to the end of the 19th century is called classical physics .
Morphology of Sponges
2551 .
Kennedy ’s various aid projects , like the Peace Corps , fit closely with his administration ’s flexible response , which Robert McNamara advocated as a better alternative to the all - or - nothing defensive strategy of mutually assured destruction favored during Eisenhower ’s presidency .
2163 .
A detrital food web consists of a base of organisms that feed on decaying organic matter ( dead organisms ) , called decomposers or detritivores .
Clinical psychology is the area of psychology that focuses on the diagnosis and treatment of psychological disorders and other problematic patterns of behavior .
5116 .
Because counting microstates and macrostates involves statistics , this is called statistical analysis .
In addition to free speech rights , the First Amendment grants people the right to assemble .
”Employment Division , Department of Human Resources of Oregon v. Smith , 494 U.S. 872 ( 1990 ) .
84 .
This decision effectively pushed decision - making and discretion for election policy in VRA states to the state and local level .
One solution to this problem is to have head - on collisions between particles moving in opposite directions .
Cells in green algae divide along cell plates called phragmoplasts , and their cell walls are layered in the same manner as the cell walls of embryophytes .
4443 .
5673 .
359 .
Coupling between birds usually involves positioning the cloaca openings opposite each other for transfer of sperm .
These bonds are an asset for banks in the same way that loans are an asset : The bank will receive a stream of payments in the future .
4428 .
6372 .
The first session of the first U.S. Congress laid the framework for today ’s federal judicial system , established in the Judiciary Act of 1789 .
Satellite glia provide nutrients and structural support for neurons in the PNS .
5387 .
For instance , despite very high income levels , there is still undernourishment in Europe and North America .
Art Connection
In contrast , in a longitudinal wave or compressional wave , the disturbance is parallel to the direction of propagation .
Frontiers of Physics expands the story in making a connection with cosmology , on the opposite end of the distance scale .
This very direct method of phosphorylation is called substrate - level phosphorylation .
5701 .
An inhibitor is a molecule that binds to a protein and prevents it from functioning or reduces its function .
Traditionally , most health care in the United States has been provided on a fee - for - service basis , which means that medical care providers are paid for the services they provide and are paid more if they provide additional services .
5774 .
In the 1970s , Herbert Benson , a cardiologist , developed a stress reduction method called the relaxation response technique ( Greenberg , 2006 ) .
Legislators get ideas for bills from lobbyists of various types of interest groups , ranging from corporate groups to labor unions to advocacy organizations .
These decisions seem to allow legal challenges in all the states that persist in trying to block same - sex unions . 2115 .
Additionally , there are individuals who are underemployed .
2617 .
2793 .
The tendency of an individual to take credit by making dispositional or internal attributions for positive outcomes but situational or external attributions for negative outcomes is known as the self - serving bias ( Miller & Ross , 1975 ) .
In cold weather , some reptiles such as the garter snake brumate .
To that end , he delivered his “ Report on a National Bank ” in December 1790 , proposing a Bank of the United States , an institution modeled on the Bank of England .
No perfectly competitive firm acting alone can affect the market price .
Many bony fishes also have a swim bladder , a gas - filled organ that helps to control the buoyancy of the fish .
2293 .
4801 .
2334 .
5369 .
They counseled the chief and passed on the traditions of the tribe .
It was important for them to show that the party supported all loyal men , regardless of their origin or political persuasion .
Some organizations did exist , however .
The transfer of the phosphate is catalyzed by an enzyme called a kinase .
Adaptations to these new cells or temperatures induce mutations in the genomes of the virus , allowing it to grow better in the laboratory while inhibiting its ability to cause disease when reintroduced into conditions found in the host .
Alfred Radcliffe - Brown ( 1881–1955 ) defined the function of any recurrent activity as the part it played in social life as a whole , and therefore the contribution it makes to social stability and continuity ( Radcliffe - Brown 1952 ) .
Roughly 1.9 million trademarks are registered with the U.S. government .
More recently , a fourth mechanism of gene transfer between prokaryotes has been discovered .
298 .
Aggression takes two forms depending on one ’s motives : hostile or instrumental .
After a period of growth , an organism splits into two separate organisms .
6572 .
In the wake of the Citizens United decision , a new type of advocacy group emerged , the super PAC .
4485 .
Synovial joints are the only joints that have a space between the adjoining bones ( [ link ] ) .
It is a research method suited to an interpretive framework rather than to the scientific method .
Osteoblasts become trapped in these secretions and differentiate into less active osteocytes .
In both cases , the supply and the demand curve are horizontal as shown in [ link ] .
The second group , bipedal predators called theropods , includes birds .
“ These Images Show Just How Much Some Neighborhoods Were Changed by Hurricane Sandy , ” http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/10/29/hurricane-sandy-second-anniversary-images_n_6054274.html .
In this section , we will discuss stress and illness .
Examples of heterospecific interactions include predation , parasitism , herbivory , competition , and pollination .
In modern practice , it has evolved ino what is known as psychodynamic therapy , which will be discussed later .
Tumor suppressor genes are segments of DNA that code for negative regulator proteins , the type of regulators that , when activated , can prevent the cell from undergoing uncontrolled division .
In 1932 , a major strike at the Ford Motor Company factory near Detroit resulted in over sixty injuries and four deaths .
The Doppler effect and Doppler shift are named for the Austrian physicist and mathematician Christian Johann Doppler ( 1803 – 1853 ) , who did experiments with both moving sources and moving observers .
5926 .
2592 .
Southern whites frequently relied upon the idea of paternalism — the premise that white slaveholders acted in the best interests of slaves , taking responsibility for their care , feeding , discipline , and even their Christian morality — to justify the existence of slavery .
The specific delegated or expressed powers granted to Congress and to the president were clearly spelled out in the body of the Constitution under Article I , Section 8 , and Article II , Sections 2 and 3 .
Testosterone , the hormone responsible for the secondary sexual characteristics that develop in the male during adolescence , stimulates spermatogenesis .
Another example of a nongroup is people who share similar characteristics but are not tied to one another in any way .
Phonemes are combined to form morphemes , which are the smallest units of language that convey some type of meaning ( e.g. , “ I ” is both a phoneme and a morpheme ) .
A private think tank , the National Bureau of Economic Research ( NBER ) , is the official tracker of business cycles for the U.S. economy .
The sugars flow from one sieve - tube cell to the next through perforated sieve plates , which are found at the end junctions between two cells .
2642 .
Dr. Robert Butler coined the term in 1968 , noting that ageism exists in all cultures ( Brownell ) .
Both are cut at an oblique angle ( any angle other than a right angle ) , placed in close contact with each other , and are then held together [ link ] .
5665 .
3757 .
The smooth muscles of the esophagus undergo a series of wave like movements called peristalsis that push the food toward the stomach , as illustrated in [ link ] .
4987 .
4856 .
3152 .
The U.S. Constitution changed that , but its Article III , which addresses “ the judicial power of the United States , ” is the shortest and least detailed of the three articles that created the branches of government .
This superposition forms a disturbance called a sonic boom , a constructive interference of sound created by an object moving faster than sound .
6038 .
In eighteenth - century America , as in Great Britain , the legal status of married women was defined as coverture , meaning a married woman ( or feme covert ) had no legal or economic status independent of her husband .
Under this assumption , any dose of radiation , no matter how small , involves a risk to human health .
We ’ll discuss two of them here : temporal theory and place theory .
They also produce both fertile pollen , for reproduction , and sterile pollen rich in nutrients for birds and insects .
An observer of electromagnetic radiation sees relativistic Doppler effects if the source of the radiation is moving relative to the observer .
Motors have loops of wire in a magnetic field .
Introduced earlier in GUTS : The Unification of Forces Superstring theory is an attempt to unify gravity with the other three forces and , thus , must contain quantum gravity .
2284 .
1959 .
6425 .
“ Democratic - Republican Party , ” In UXL Encyclopedia of U.S. History , eds .
Do you think this is true ?
Another form of social influence is obedience to authority .
Although still alive at maturity , the nucleus and other cell components of the sieve - tube cells have disintegrated .
3737 .
While perfectly elastic supply curves are unrealistic , goods with readily available inputs and whose production can be easily expanded will feature highly elastic supply curves .
For example , the variable cost of producing 80 haircuts is $ 400 , so the average variable cost is $ 400 / 80 , or $ 5 per haircut .
Purchasing power parity , as formally defined in Exchange Rates and International Capital Flows , takes into account the fact that prices of the same good are different across countries .
1490 .
In a special ritual , the prisoners were “ requickened ” — assigned the identity of a dead person — and adopted by the bereaved family to take the place of their dead .
First , by the 1920s and 1930s , an increasing number of workers were earning their living through manual or day - wage labor that depended on their ability to engage in physical activity ( [ link ] ) .
Some alleles will quickly become fixed in this way , meaning that every individual of the population will carry the allele , while detrimental mutations may be swiftly eliminated if derived from a dominant allele from the gene pool .
In healthy individuals , the neuronal signal moves rapidly down the axon to the terminal buttons , where synaptic vesicles release neurotransmitters into the synapse ( [ link ] ) .
6168 .
6882 .
For example , a 56.0 dB sound is twice as intense as a 53.0 dB sound , a 97.0 dB sound is half as intense as a 100 dB sound , and so on .
Sex refers to physical or physiological differences between males and females , including both primary sex characteristics ( the reproductive system ) and secondary characteristics such as height and muscularity .
The evolution of various life forms on Earth can be summarized in a phylogenetic tree ( [ link ] ) .
Some of these are binocular cues , which means that they rely on the use of both eyes .
Some structures exist in organisms that have no apparent function at all , and appear to be residual parts from a past common ancestor .
The substitution effect occurs when a price changes and consumers have an incentive to consume less of the good with a relatively higher price and more of the good with a relatively lower price .
Other examples of vestigial structures are wings on flightless birds , leaves on some cacti , and hind leg bones in whales .
959 .
6035 .
Although Japanese American Fred Korematsu challenged the right of the government to imprison law - abiding citizens , the Supreme Court decision in the 1944 case of Korematsu v. United States upheld the actions of the government as a necessary precaution in a time of war .
Photomorphogenesis is the growth and development of plants in response to light .
Each testis is approximately 2.5 by 3.8 cm ( 1.5 by 1 in ) in size and divided into wedge - shaped lobules by connective tissue called septa .
Broad measures of the stock market , like the ones listed here , tend to move together .
To ferret out Loyalists , revolutionary governments also passed laws requiring the male population to take oaths of allegiance to the new states .
Most roots are underground .
Under President Franklin Delano Roosevelt , the federal government began programs like the Work Progress Administration and Civilian Conservation Corps to combat unemployment and the Home Owners ’ Loan Corporation to refinance Depression - related mortgage debts .
Johnson v. California , 543 U.S. 499 ( 2005 ) .
New media encompasses all interactive forms of information exchange .
The type of gas and its temperature , for example , could be determined .
According to continuity theory , the elderly make specific choices to maintain consistency in internal ( personality structure , beliefs ) and external structures ( relationships ) , remaining active and involved throughout their elder years .
Use elaborative rehearsal : In a famous article , Craik and Lockhart ( 1972 ) discussed their belief that information we process more deeply goes into long - term memory .
1969 .
More precisely , you need to specify its position relative to a convenient reference frame .
In 1816 , the Society for the Colonization of Free People of Color of America ( also called the American Colonization Society or ACS ) was founded with this goal .
5418 .
Although a nation can protect biodiversity within its own borders , no nation acting alone can protect biodiversity around the world .
There are three methods used to create a physical map : cytogenetic mapping , radiation hybrid mapping , and sequence mapping .
This labor market situation resembles what a monopoly firm does in selling a product , but in this case a union is a monopoly selling labor to firms .
3768 .
A balance of power means no one nation or region is much more powerful militarily than are the countries of the rest of the world .
5003 .
( Strictly speaking , AD is what economists call total planned expenditure .
The atria contract at the same time , forcing blood through the atrioventricular valves into the ventricles .
Even when their climate and land are well - suited to products like cotton , rice , sugar , or milk , farmers in low - income countries find it difficult to compete .
4926 .
A great deal of the social revolution of democracy , however , carried negative consequences .
5956 .
The United States is a heteronormative society , meaning it assumes sexual orientation is biologically determined and unambiguous .
466 .
Blood plays a protective role by transporting clotting factors and platelets to prevent blood loss and transporting the disease - fighting agents or white blood cells to sites of infection .
Surveys are lists of questions to be answered by research participants , and can be delivered as paper - and - pencil questionnaires , administered electronically , or conducted verbally ( [ link ] ) .
The different files stored in the file cabinet are called concepts .
In April 2009 , the union representing U.S. tire manufacturing workers filed a request with the U.S. International Trade Commission ( ITC ) , asking it to investigate tire imports from China .
5955 .
Renewable forms of energy are those sources that can not be used up , such as water , wind , solar , and biomass .
Another example involved Texas governor Rick Perry touring California in 2014 in order to bring prospective businesses from the Golden State to Texas .
It plays a role in memory formation and includes parts of the thalamus and hypothalamus as well as the hippocampus .
In 1924 , the Indian Citizenship Act granted citizenship to all Native Americans born after its passage .
The integuments , while protecting the megasporangium , do not enclose it completely , but leave an opening called the micropyle .
Ingrowths of the exoskeleton , called apodemes , function as attachment sites for muscles , similar to tendons in more advanced animals ( [ link ] ) .
4982 .
Expanding the equation for profit gives :
When the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ( also known as the ACA , or Obamacare ) came before the Supreme Court in 2012 , many believed the Court would strike it down .
1374 .
Horserace coverage can be neutral , positive , or negative , depending upon what polls or facts are covered ( [ link ] ) .
Fish have a single circuit for blood flow and a two - chambered heart that has only a single atrium and a single ventricle .
The olfactory epithelium is a collection of specialized olfactory receptors in the back of the nasal cavity that spans an area about 5 cm2 in humans .
Once the ARRA had been passed , Obama began travelling again , speaking locally about why the country needed the Affordable Care Act and guiding media coverage to promote support for the act .
In his speech , known as the Gettysburg Address , which he had finished writing while a guest in David Wills ’ home the day before the dedication , Lincoln invoked the Founding Fathers and the spirit of the American Revolution .
This example shows how a stronger euro discourages exports by the French firm , because it makes the costs of production in the domestic currency higher relative to the sales revenues earned in another country .
Gel electrophoresis separates the nucleic acid fragments according to their size .
The word carnivore is derived from Latin and literally means “ meat eater . ”
Deflation can make it very difficult for monetary policy to address a recession .
Many of these tools were originally designed to study human populations .
The concern for describing the basic phenomena in nature essentially defines the realm of physics . Physics aims to describe the function of everything around us , from the movement of tiny charged particles to the motion of people , cars , and spaceships .
2014 .
By choosing to settle along the rivers on the banks of the Chesapeake , the English unknowingly placed themselves at the center of the Powhatan Empire , a powerful Algonquian confederacy of thirty native groups with perhaps as many as twenty - two thousand people .
Indifference curves like Um are steeper on the left and flatter on the right .
Economists call this problem the poverty trap .
It is the reserve amount that can be exhaled beyond what is normal .
Yes He Can , Maybe , ” New York Times , 15 November 2008 .
Would they pledge to support it ?
But at least one Japanese American refused to go along .
There are more stable nuclei having certain numbers of protons and neutrons , called magic numbers .
The name hologram means “ entire picture ” ( from the Greek holo , as in holistic ) , because the image is three - dimensional .
Emotional intelligence encompasses the ability to understand the emotions of yourself and others , show empathy , understand social relationships and cues , and regulate your own emotions and respond in culturally appropriate ways ( Parker , Saklofske , & Stough , 2009 ) .
They obtain their nutrients from dead or decomposing organic matter : mainly plant material .
6374 .
Voting .
In this proposed two - chamber Congress , states with larger populations would have more representatives in each chamber .
The nervous system is made up of neurons , specialized cells that can receive and transmit chemical or electrical signals , and glia , cells that provide support functions for the neurons by playing an information processing role that is complementary to neurons .
If banks are required to hold a greater amount in reserves , they have less money available to lend out .
Power is associated by many people with electricity .
Motor skills refer to our ability to move our bodies and manipulate objects .
The old adage , “ If at first you do n’t succeed , try , try again ” describes trial and error .
Thus , the court upheld some state restrictions , including a required waiting period between arranging and having an abortion , parental consent ( or , if not possible for some reason such as incest , authorization of a judge ) for minors , and the requirement that women be informed of the health consequences of having an abortion .
Its poll used leading questions for what it termed an “ informed ballot , ” and , to show that Warren would do better than Hillary Clinton , it included ten positive statements about Warren before asking whether the respondent would vote for Clinton or Warren .
1576 .
The net worth is the asset value minus how much is owed ( the liability ) .
The caucus or large - scale gathering was made up of legislators in the Congress who met informally to decide on nominees from their respective parties .
In graphical terms , the new budget constraint will now be tangent to a higher indifference curve , representing a higher level of utility .
6176 .
5801 .
1093 .
In each ascus , two or more haploid ascospores fuse their nuclei in karyogamy .
Innate immunity occurs naturally because of genetic factors or physiology ; it is not induced by infection or vaccination but works to reduce the workload for the adaptive immune response .
5124 .
1824 .
For an explanation of how high market concentrations can create inefficiencies in an economy , refer to Monopoly .
In addition to feeling overwhelmingly sad most of each day , people with depression will no longer show interest or enjoyment in activities that previously were gratifying , such as hobbies , sports , sex , social events , time spent with family , and so on .
2606 .
Most of the cases the solicitor general brings to the Court will be given a place on the docket .
4564 .
5911 .
Parasitism describes a symbiotic relationship in which one member of the association benefits at the expense of the other .
We experience congruence when our thoughts about our real self and ideal self are very similar — in other words , when our self - concept is accurate .
Keynesian economics tends to view inflation as a price that might sometimes be paid for lower unemployment ; neoclassical economics tends to view inflation as a cost that offers no offsetting gains in terms of lower unemployment .
A private company is owned by the people who run it on a day - to - day basis .
4650 .
Exchange Rates , Aggregate Demand , and Aggregate Supply
When a pathogen enters the body , cells in the blood and lymph detect the specific pathogen - associated molecular patterns ( PAMPs ) on the pathogen ’s surface .
Mills believed the power elite use government to develop social policies that allow them to keep their wealth . 5300 .
In the 19th century , Dorothea Dix led reform efforts for mental health care in the United States ( [ link ] ) .
Perhaps as a result of this and other cases , seven additional states have abolished capital punishment since 2007 .
5888 .
Two loosely affiliated party coalitions , known as the Federalists and the Democratic - Republicans , soon emerged .
2801 .
The eye overconverges the nearly parallel rays from a distant object , and the rays cross in front of the retina .
The Holmes and Rahe Social Readjustment Rating Scale ( SRRS ) uses the correlational research method to identify the connection between stress and health .
Enzyme - linked receptors are cell - surface receptors with intracellular domains that are associated with an enzyme .
Mitt Romney ’s campaign polls are only a recent example of problems stemming from polling methods .
One of the reasons the news media are so enduring is that citizens have a range of opinions on public policy , and they are very interested in debating how a given change would improve their lives or the country ’s .
Unpredictable Movements of VelocityVelocity is a term that economists use to describe how quickly money circulates through the economy .
5767 .
Some of these are binocular cues , which means that they rely on the use of both eyes .
Under this structure , an elected commission , which generally consists of a small number of commissioners , serves as the governing body within the county , performing all legislative and executive functions .
The omega-3 alpha - linolenic acid and the omega-6 linoleic acid are essential fatty acids needed to make some membrane phospholipids .
According to Rogers ( 1980 ) , “ As persons are accepted and prized , they tend to develop a more caring attitude towards themselves ” ( p. 116 ) .
1970 .
462 .
3553 .
The third group , composed of Catholics , African Americans and other minorities , and some of the young , antiwar element , galvanized around Robert Kennedy ( [ link ] ) .
People have different skills , talents , and interests , so they will be better at some jobs than at others .
The court upheld the “ show me your papers ” provision , which authorizes police officers to check the immigration status of anyone they stop or arrest who they suspect is an illegal immigrant . Arizona v. United States , 567 U.S. _ _ ( 2012 ) .
This median age has been increasing , which indicates the population as a whole is growing older .
Certain salts are referred to in physiology as electrolytes ( including sodium , potassium , and calcium ) , ions necessary for nerve impulse conduction , muscle contractions and water balance .
This model , however , does not reflect the true ecology of prokaryotes , most of which prefer to live in communities where they can interact .
3994 .
The relationship between our experiencing of emotions and our cognitive processing of them , and the order in which these occur , remains a topic of research and debate .
5823 .
3285 .
6665 .
The sympathetic nervous system is responsible for the “ fight or flight ” response that occurs when an animal encounters a dangerous situation .
5403 .
Carbonic anhydrase ( CA ) within the red blood cells quickly converts the carbon dioxide into carbonic acid ( H2CO3 ) .
A measurement of free energy is used to quantitate these energy transfers .
857 .
In conditions of high ambient light , the iris contracts , reducing the size of the pupil at its center .
Furthermore , the courts have recognized that government officials and other public figures might try to silence press criticism and avoid unfavorable news coverage by threatening a lawsuit for defamation of character .
The marginal cost curve rises .
3278 .
A self - fulfilling prophecy is an expectation held by a person that alters his or her behavior in a way that tends to make it true .
These justices are less likely to strike down actions or laws as unconstitutional and are less likely to focus on the expansion of individual liberties .
3155 .
You can hedge , which means using a financial transaction to protect yourself against a risk from one of your investments ( in this case , currency risk from the contract ) .
Each subunit surrounds a central heme group that contains iron and binds one oxygen molecule , allowing each hemoglobin molecule to bind four oxygen molecules .
6345 .
783 .
The court did not see the UT policy that way and allowed it , so long as it remained narrowly tailored and not quota - based .
The neuron exists in a fluid environment — it is surrounded by extracellular fluid and contains intracellular fluid ( i.e. , cytoplasm ) .
3104 .
Some of these persons may not be eligible to vote in their state , but they are included because they are of age to do so .
2970 .
Embedded in the thylakoid membrane is chlorophyll , a pigment ( molecule that absorbs light ) responsible for the initial interaction between light and plant material , and numerous proteins that make up the electron transport chain .
Can pressure be increased in a fluid by pushing directly on the fluid ?
These large spheres are called chylomicrons .
These large spheres are called chylomicrons .
1910 .
Every colony had slaves , from the southern rice plantations in Charles Town , South Carolina , to the northern wharves of Boston .
Similarly , if you do not know the rate of inflation , it is difficult to figure out if a rise in GDP is due mainly to a rise in the overall level of prices or to a rise in quantities of goods produced .
Interaural level difference refers to the fact that a sound coming from the right side of your body is more intense at your right ear than at your left ear because of the attenuation of the sound wave as it passes through your head .
3491 .
Unicellular fungi are generally referred to as yeasts .
For example , in maquiladoras , mostly found in northern Mexico , workers may sew imported precut pieces of fabric into garments . Globalization also brings an international division of labor , in which comparatively wealthy workers from core nations compete with the low - wage labor pool of peripheral and semi - peripheral nations .
6253 .
Immunodeficiency is the failure , insufficiency , or delay in the response of the immune system , which may be acquired or inherited .
Declarative memory has to do with the storage of facts and events we personally experienced .
5776 .
Plants that lack vascular tissue , which is formed of specialized cells for the transport of water and nutrients , are referred to as non - vascular plants .
3543 .
The ninth century gave rise to feudal societies .
4554 .
3701 .
Secondary active transport describes the movement of material that is due to the electrochemical gradient established by primary active transport that does not directly require ATP .
4499 .
After the failed attempt by President Woodrow Wilson and others to formalize a “ League of Nations ” in the wake of World War I in the 1920s , and on the heels of a worldwide depression that began in 1929 , came World War II , history ’s deadliest military conflict .
Nominal and Real GDP , 1960 – 2012
A family of procreation describes one that is formed through marriage .
You probably feel fairly certain that your perception accurately matches the real world , but this is not always the case .
Sanctions can be positive as well as negative .
Magnetic field lines are defined to have the direction that a small compass points when placed at a location .
3458 .
Those producers who would have been willing to supply the tablets at $ 45 , but who were instead able to charge the equilibrium price of $ 80 , clearly received an extra benefit beyond what they required to supply the product .
5319 .
4888 .
Cryptochromes set the plants 24-hour activity cycle , also know as its circadian rhythem , using blue light cues .
Prior to this time , the only people who had a hand in selecting candidates for elections were delegates at conventions .
Semantics refers to the process by which we derive meaning from morphemes and words .
THE BIOLOGY OF EMOTIONS
1 B q = 1 decay / s .
Both are quite different from the velocity of an airplane relative to its passengers ( which should be close to zero ) .
Points A , B , C , and F illustrate four of the main choices for regulation .
5878 .
To simplify the task of interpreting the price levels for more realistic and complex baskets of goods , the price level in each period is typically reported as an index number , rather than as the dollar amount for buying the basket of goods .
Recall from The Macroeconomic Perspective that if exports exceed imports , the economy is said to have a trade surplus .
Here , President George W. Bush shakes hands with legislators and administration officials after signing the Central American Free Trade Agreement ( CAFTA ) Implementation Act on August 2 , 2005 .
Yet it was Franklin D. Roosevelt who became famous for harnessing the political power of radio .
195 .
Tying sales happen when a customer is required to buy one product only if the customer also buys a second product .
6912 .
Recall from The Macroeconomic Perspective that if exports exceed imports , the economy is said to have a trade surplus .
The planet as a whole is warming , but the term climate change acknowledges that the short - term variations in this process can include both higher and lower temperatures , despite the overarching trend toward warmth .
The first , and perhaps most crucial , elements of culture we will discuss are its values and beliefs .
In 1892 , a third party known as the Populist Party formed in reaction to what its constituents perceived as the domination of U.S. society by big business and a decline in the power of farmers and rural communities .
Another type of strategy is an algorithm .
The U.S. Constitution is very clear about who can be elected as a member of the House or Senate .
Like transcription factors and RBPs , mature miRNAs recognize a specific sequence and bind to the RNA ; however , miRNAs also associate with a ribonucleoprotein complex called the RNA - induced silencing complex ( RISC ) .
3051 .
3838 .
5545 .
Temporal fenestrae are post - orbital openings in the skull that allow muscles to expand and lengthen .
U.S. Constitution , Article II , Section 1 .
Conversely , nucleotides following the initiation site are denoted with “ + ” numbering and are called downstream nucleotides .
For example , suppose a bank specialized in lending to a niche market — say , making a high proportion of its loans to construction companies that build offices in one downtown area .
The more militant side won , and the argument for war was gradually laid out for the American people .
In the wake of the Citizens United decision , a new type of advocacy group emerged , the super PAC .
This function of money does not require that money is a perfect store of value .
These are generally referred to as the majority and minority leaders .
The total pressure exerted by the mixture is the sum of the partial pressures of the components in the mixture .
This even applied to the researchers themselves , who , they believed , should be aware of how their own cultural biases could influence their research .
Note that some religions may be practiced — or understood — in various categories .
A variation of pinocytosis is called potocytosis .
Tropomyosin blocks myosin binding sites on actin molecules , preventing cross - bridge formation and preventing contraction in a muscle without nervous input .
During a manic episode , some experience a mood that is almost euphoric and become excessively talkative , sometimes spontaneously starting conversations with strangers ; others become excessively irritable and complain or make hostile comments .
However , it is estimated that two to five percent of the U.S. population is transgender ( Transgender Law and Policy Institute 2007 ) .
223 .
The rough endoplasmic reticulum ( RER ) is so named because the ribosomes attached to its cytoplasmic surface give it a studded appearance when viewed through an electron microscope ( [ link ] ) .
A hypothesis is a testable educated guess about predicted outcomes between two or more variables ; it ’s a possible explanation for specific happenings in the social world and allows for testing to determine whether the explanation holds true in many instances , as well as among various groups or in different places .
The translation to protein is a bit more complex because three mRNA nucleotides correspond to one amino acid in the polypeptide sequence .
2455 .
In the case of Pavlov ’s dogs , they had learned to associate the tone ( CS ) with being fed , and they began to salivate ( CR ) in anticipation of food .
Dispersion is defined as the spreading of white light into its full spectrum of wavelengths .
In 1857 , several months after President Buchanan took the oath of office , the Supreme Court ruled in Dred Scott v. Sandford .
Burwell v. Hobby Lobby Stores , Inc. , 573 U.S. _ _ ( 2014 ) .
6034 .
Prior to the 1764 act , colonial violations of the Navigation Acts had been tried in local courts , where sympathetic colonial juries refused to convict merchants on trial .
When individuals do not feel comfortable identifying with the gender associated with their biological sex , then they experience gender dysphoria .
The meaning of dreams varies across different cultures and periods of time .
This technique is called single - photon - emission computed tomography ( SPECT ) or sometimes simply SPET .
The pair of ovaries is held in place in the abdominal cavity by a system of ligaments .
2166 .
Eleanor Roosevelt took an active role in championing civil rights , becoming in some ways a bridge between her husband and the civil rights movement .
2954 .
Some Japanese practice Shinto , which follows animism , which is a religion that believes in the divinity of nonhuman beings , like animals , plants , and objects of the natural world , while people who practice totemism believe in a divine connection between humans and other natural beings .
1573 .
In plant cells , the digestive processes take place in vacuoles .
The condensed chromosomes are viewed within the nucleus ( top ) , removed from a cell in mitosis and spread out on a slide ( right ) , and artificially arranged according to length ( left ) ; an arrangement like this is called a karyotype .
5600 .
Simply put , cognition is thinking , and it encompasses the processes associated with perception , knowledge , problem solving , judgment , language , and memory .
Before then , it was common for many states to practice redistricting , or redrawing of their electoral maps , only if they gained or lost seats in the U.S. House of Representatives .
According to Kohlberg , an individual progresses from the capacity for pre - conventional morality ( before age 9 ) to the capacity for conventional morality ( early adolescence ) , and toward attaining post - conventional morality ( once formal operational thought is attained ) , which only a few fully achieve .
1373 .
A shock hazard occurs when electric current passes through a person .
This allows the I - O psychologist to access previous analyses for nearly any type of occupation .
However , depending on Kimberly ’s preferences , a rise in income could cause consumption of one good to increase while consumption of the other good declines .
The head can form hydrogen bonds , but the tail can not .
3507 .
Self - pollination occurs when the pollen from the anther is deposited on the stigma of the same flower , or another flower on the same plant .
In today ’s global political climate , monarchies far more often take the form of constitutional monarchies , governments of nations that recognize monarchs but require these figures to abide by the laws of a greater constitution .
Known as diversifying selection ( [ link ] ) , this is seen in many populations of animals that have multiple male forms .
For practical purposes , a precise definition of happiness might incorporate each of these elements : an enduring state of mind consisting of joy , contentment , and other positive emotions , plus the sense that one ’s life has meaning and value ( Lyubomirsky , 2001 ) .
5612 .
A bulb , which functions as an underground storage unit , is a modification of a stem that has the appearance of enlarged fleshy leaves emerging from the stem or surrounding the base of the stem , as seen in the iris .
In Virginia , state leaders employed a strategy of “ massive resistance ” to school integration , which led to the closure of a large number of public schools across the state , some for years .
However , the effects of a severe recession often linger on after the official ending date assigned by the NBER .
Leaves may be simple or compound ( [ link ] ) .
These examples are all aspects of culture , which is shared beliefs , values , and practices , that participants must learn .
Andrew Johnson ’s violation of that legislation provided the grounds for his impeachment in 1868 .
The Mohawk and Hudson Railroad was the first to begin service with a steam locomotive .
Because the fibers are thin , light entering one is likely to strike the inside surface at an angle greater than the critical angle and , thus , be totally reflected ( See [ link ] . )
Most mammals are diphyodonts , meaning that they have two sets of teeth in their lifetime : deciduous or “ baby ” teeth , and permanent teeth .
They hoped to capture the weapons there and distribute them among slaves to begin a massive uprising that would bring an end to slavery .
1270 .
5839 .
Few examples of positive feedback loops exist in animal bodies , but one is found in the cascade of chemical reactions that result in blood clotting , or coagulation .
6077 .
A hydrothermal vent is a breakage or fissure in the Earth ’s surface that releases geothermally heated water .
Turner ( [ link ] ) and naval strategist Alfred Thayer Mahan were instrumental in the country ’s move toward foreign expansion , and writer Brooks Adams further dramatized the consequences of the nation ’s loss of its frontier in his The Law of Civilization and Decay in 1895 .
6756 .
Certain complement proteins can combine to form attack complexes that open pores in microbial cell membranes .
1927 .
3957 .
In the 1960s , psychiatrists Thomas Holmes and Richard Rahe wanted to examine the link between life stressors and physical illness , based on the hypothesis that life events requiring significant changes in a person ’s normal life routines are stressful , whether these events are desirable or undesirable .
Newer , grassroots organizations such as the Southern Christian Leadership Conference ( SCLC ) , Congress of Racial Equality ( CORE ) , and Student Non - Violent Coordinating Committee ( SNCC ) challenged the NAACP ’s position as the leading civil rights organization and questioned its legal - focused strategy .
In this case , which dealt with property rights under the Fifth Amendment , the Supreme Court unanimously decided that the Bill of Rights applied only to actions by the federal government .
By passing the Defense of Marriage Act ( DOMA ) in 1996 , the federal government stepped into this policy issue .
3068 .
5132 .
Similar advancements in hay mowers , manure spreaders , and threshing machines greatly improved farm production for those who could afford them .
Article I , Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution gives Congress the power “ to coin money ” and “ to regulate the value thereof . ”
One of the newer byproducts of polling is the creation of push polls , which consist of political campaign information presented as polls .
Incoherent means the waves have random phase relationships .
[ link ] shows the result of placing a neutral conductor in an originally uniform electric field .
Although Thomas Alva Edison ( [ link ] ) is best known for his contributions to the electrical industry , his experimentation went far beyond the light bulb .
If oranges become more expensive , fruit - lovers scale back on oranges and eat more apples , grapefruit , or raisins .
6668 .
2814 .
We all forget things , like a loved one ’s birthday , someone ’s name , or where we put our car keys .
More precisely , an irreversible process is one that depends on path .
It is an absolute temperature scale defined to have 0 K at the lowest possible temperature , called absolute zero .
A third political party appeared : the anti - immigrant American Party , a formerly secretive organization with the nickname “ the Know - Nothing Party ” because its members denied knowing anything about it .
440 .
In pursuit of these two goals , Americans re - elected Roosevelt for three additional terms in the White House and became full partners in the reshaping of their country .
The expansion of alcohol in a thermometer is one of many commonly encountered examples of thermal expansion , the change in size or volume of a given mass with temperature .
During a presidential election year , members of Congress often experience the coattail effect , which gives members of a popular presidential candidate ’s party an increase in popularity and raises their odds of retaining office .
Distancing themselves from William Lloyd Garrison and other pacifists , Brown and fellow abolitionists believed the time had come to fight slavery with violence .
From this starting point , her marginal utility gained from extra books will be relatively low , while the marginal utility lost from additional doughnuts would be relatively high — so on the margin , it will take a relatively smaller number of doughnuts to offset the change of one marginal book .
Pitch perception is directly related to frequency and is not greatly affected by other physical quantities such as intensity .
3027 .
The expenditure - output model , sometimes also called the Keynesian cross diagram , determines the equilibrium level of real GDP by the point where the total or aggregate expenditures in the economy are equal to the amount of output produced .
Other Areas of the ForebrainOther areas of the forebrain , located beneath the cerebral cortex , include the thalamus and the limbic system .
More importantly , banks were making high - risk , high - interest mortgage loans called subprime mortgages to consumers who often misunderstood their complex terms and lacked the ability to make the required payments .
An elastic collision is one that conserves internal kinetic energy .
Here is one : Marco and Maria live in Fairfield County , Connecticut , which is one of the wealthiest areas in the United States and has a very high cost of living .
This question arose again in 2015 as the Iran Nuclear Agreement was being completed .
4749 .
The analogy to the unification of electric and magnetic forces is quite good — the four forces are distinct under normal circumstances , but there are hints of connections even on the atomic scale , and there may be conditions under which the forces are intimately related and even indistinguishable .
6388 .
A similar problem has arisen in the white - collar sector , with many low - level clerical and support positions also being outsourced , as evidenced by the international technical - support call centers in Mumbai , India , and Newfoundland , Canada . 5603 .
Although there are many theoretical orientations in family therapy , one of the most predominant is the systems approach .
2221 .
Gerontology is a field of science that seeks to understand the process of aging and the challenges encountered as seniors grow older .
3723 .
Wakefield argued that natural internal mechanisms — that is , psychological processes honed by evolution , such as cognition , perception , and learning — have important functions , such as enabling us to experience the world the way others do and to engage in rational thought , problem solving , and communication .
1716 .
As such , it is generally considered to be a more applied area within psychology ; however , some clinicians are also actively engaged in scientific research .
Prejudice is common against people who are members of an unfamiliar cultural group .
Plessy v. Ferguson , 163 U.S. 537 ( 1896 ) .
1082 .
Some nuclides , such as
Such transport uses the vascular tissues ( xylem and phloem ) primarily .
To guide the search through a vast library of materials and avoid wasting time reading unrelated sources , sociologists employ content analysis , applying a systematic approach to record and value information gleaned from secondary data as they relate to the study at hand .
If there is limited information , then buyers and sellers may not be able to transact or will possibly make poor decisions .
Natural selection can only take place if there is variation , or differences , among individuals in a population .
This pattern is common enough that these goods are referred to as normal goods .
The renal pelvis leads to the ureter on the outside of the kidney .
Although perception relies on the activation of sensory receptors , perception happens not at the level of the sensory receptor , but at higher levels in the nervous system , in the brain .
To many revolutionaries , especially wealthy landowners , merchants , and planters , democracy did not offer a good replacement for monarchy .
3194 .
The demand and supply model emphasizes that prices are not set only by demand or only by supply , but by the interaction between the two .
In the event of a conflict between the states and the national government , the national government would triumph .
In a barter system , we saw the example of the shoemaker trading shoes for accounting services .
Phenomena such as discrete atomic spectra and characteristic x rays are explored further in Atomic Physics .
6417 .
2829 .
It is a measure of the effectiveness of a force in changing or accelerating a rotation ( changing the angular velocity over a period of time ) .
On the other hand , if you observed the model being punished , you would be less motivated to copy her .
Some Japanese practice Shinto , which follows animism , which is a religion that believes in the divinity of nonhuman beings , like animals , plants , and objects of the natural world , while people who practice totemism believe in a divine connection between humans and other natural beings .
Cognitive psychology is the field of psychology dedicated to examining how people think .
This standard was reinforced in 1971 in the Pentagon Papers case , in which the Supreme Court found that the government could not prohibit the New York Times and Washington Post newspapers from publishing the Pentagon Papers .
Signals that act locally between cells that are close together are called paracrine signals .
Due to these issues , the U.S. Bureau of Justice Statistics publishes a separate self - report study known as the National Crime Victimization Report ( NCVR ) .
This white flight has created de facto segregation , a form of segregation that results from the choices of individuals to live in segregated communities without government action or support .
818 .
In equation form , the conservation of momentum principle for an isolated system is written
5266 .
With trade , the United States can consume more of both goods than it did without specialization and trade .
1971 .
Laws must be clear , public , fair , enforced , and equally applicable to all members of society .
In keeping with this philosophy , Carmichael expelled SNCC ’s white members .
Air enters the lungs through the two primary ( main ) bronchi ( singular : bronchus ) .
3393 .
Both rods and cones contain photopigments .
The trichromatic theory of color vision is not the only theory — another major theory of color vision is known as the opponent - process theory .
The European Union is the single supranational entity with some real and significant authority over its member nations .
Continuation of a signal in this manner is called signal transduction .
2825 .
6988 .
4995 .
A microeconomic production function describes the inputs and outputs of a firm , or perhaps an industry .
6896 .
6667 .
His father , George H. W. Bush , had received a similar spike in approval ratings ( from 58 to 89 percent ) following the end of the first Persian Gulf War in 1991 .
2889 .
Many white southerners felt humiliated by the process of Radical Reconstruction and the way Republicans had upended southern society , placing blacks in positions of authority while taxing large landowners to pay for the education of former slaves .
SI units are part of the metric system .
[ link ] presents the marginal revenue and marginal cost curves based on the total revenue and total cost in [ link ] .
In the male reproductive system , the scrotum houses the testicles or testes ( singular : testis ) , including providing passage for blood vessels , nerves , and muscles related to testicular function .
Hoover believed strongly in the ethos of American individualism : that hard work brought its own rewards .
To understand this , we need a working definition of force .
163 .
1459 .
While the validity of this claim is still under investigation , these primitive fossils appear to be small , one - centimeter long , sponge - like creatures .
To place a present discounted value on a future payment , think about what amount of money you would need to have in the present to equal a certain amount in the future .
To rally Republican opposition to Clinton and the Democrats , Newt Gingrich and Richard “ Dick ” Armey , two of the leaders of the Republican minority in the House of Representatives , prepared a document entitled Contract with America , signed by all but two of the Republican representatives .
Governments tried to protect their share of the markets by developing a system called mercantilism .
For example , when you stare briefly at the sun and then look away from it , you may still perceive a spot of light although the stimulus ( the sun ) has been removed . 3616 .
Schacter ( 2001 ) says that your feelings and view of the world can actually distort your memory of past events .
The easiest switch would be to a majoritarian voting scheme , in which a candidate wins only if he or she enjoys the support of a majority of voters .
Following the passage of the Lobbying Disclosure Act in 1995 , we had a much better understanding of the number of interests registered in Washington , DC ; however , it was not until several years later that we had a complete count and categorization of the interests registered in each of the fifty states . Jennifer Wolak , Adam J. Newmark , Todd McNoldy , David Lowery , and Virginia Gray , “ Much of Politics is Still Local : Multistate Representation in State Interest Communities , ” Legislative Studies Quarterly 27 ( 2002 ) : 527–555 .
Until now , we have only considered inheritance patterns among non - sex chromosomes , or autosomes .
The outer ear includes the pinna , which is the visible part of the ear that protrudes from our heads , the auditory canal , and the tympanic membrane , or eardrum .
760 .
Mycetismus describes the ingestion of preformed toxins in poisonous mushrooms .
Wakefulness is characterized by high levels of sensory awareness , thought , and behavior .
2349 .
Whereas IRBs review research proposals that involve human participants , animal experimental proposals are reviewed by an Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee ( IACUC ) .
The mass of hyphae is a mycelium ( [ link ] ) .
The neuron is a small information processor , and dendrites serve as input sites where signals are received from other neurons .
The carpel is the individual unit of the gynoecium and has a stigma , style , and ovary .
His policies in the 1660s through the 1680s established and supported the Restoration colonies : the Carolinas , New Jersey , New York , and Pennsylvania .
If , however , it is too low , fainting is a problem .
[ link ] lists the 12 most populous countries in the world .
( credit : Ingolfson , Wikimedia Commons )
447 .
570 .
( Note that electric current will not be introduced until much later in this text . )
Mature mammalian red blood cells are not capable of aerobic respiration — the process in which organisms convert energy in the presence of oxygen — and glycolysis is their sole source of ATP .
4015 .
Freud maintained that imbalances in the system can lead to neurosis ( a tendency to experience negative emotions ) , anxiety disorders , or unhealthy behaviors .
The equilibrium price is the only price where the plans of consumers and the plans of producers agree — that is , where the amount of the product consumers want to buy ( quantity demanded ) is equal to the amount producers want to sell ( quantity supplied ) .
FSH enters the testes and stimulates the Sertoli cells to begin facilitating spermatogenesis using negative feedback , as illustrated in [ link ] .
7004 .
The equations that describe these reactions contain a unidirectional arrow and are irreversible .
6488 .
6651 .
In a 5 – 4 decision , the U.S. Supreme Court agreed .
The federal government also took up the issue of working conditions , but that case resulted in the same outcome as in the Lochner case .
Some individuals with dissociative amnesia will also experience dissociative fugue ( from the word “ to flee ” in French ) , whereby they suddenly wander away from their home , experience confusion about their identity , and sometimes even adopt a new identity ( Cardeña & Gleaves , 2006 ) .
This common quantity is called the equilibrium quantity .
The first type of leaf is the microphyll , or “ little leaf , ” which can be dated to 350 million years ago in the late Silurian .
The acetylcholine activates the postganglionic neurons .
If it uses monetary policy to alter the exchange rate , it then can not at the same time use monetary policy to address issues of inflation or recession .
6885 .
6198 .
Over time , the typology of race that developed during early racial science has fallen into disuse , and the social construction of race is a more sociological way of understanding racial categories .
For example , a government might tax all foreign exchange transactions , or attempt to tax short - term portfolio investment while exempting long - term foreign direct investment .
It can be broken down into price indices for different industries , commodities , and stages of processing ( like finished goods , intermediate goods , crude materials for further processing , and so on ) .
Often we read or hear about them and simply accept the information as valid .
Rebellious American youth , in particular , adjusted to the changes by embracing a new morality that was far more permissive than the social mores of their parents .
5959 .
In some instances , presidents may appear to directly consider public opinion before acting or making decisions .
An early proponent of such nationalism was W. E. B.
Instead , neoclassical economists believe that aggregate demand should be allowed to expand only to match the gradual shifts of aggregate supply to the right — keeping the price level much the same and inflationary pressures low .
4186 .
2364 .
Despite a tainted legacy , President Richard Nixon gives his trademark “ V for Victory ” sign as he leaves the White House on August 9 , 1974 ( b ) , after resigning in the wake of the Watergate scandal .
The cones are specialized types of photoreceptors that work best in bright light conditions .
When an object slows down , its acceleration is opposite to the direction of its motion .
In addition to preparing the executive budget proposal and overseeing budgetary implementation during the federal fiscal year , the OMB oversees the actions of the executive bureaucracy .
3932 .
Social science organizations including the American Association of Anthropologists , the American Sociological Association , and the American Psychological Association have all taken an official position rejecting the biological explanations of race .
Thus , if a white family chose to sell its house to a black family and the other homeowners in the neighborhood tried to sue the seller , the court would not hear the case .
This organ takes over the nutrient and waste requirements of the embryo and fetus , with the mother ’s blood passing nutrients to the placenta and removing waste from it .
7052 .
A pie graph ( sometimes called a pie chart ) is used to show how an overall total is divided into parts .
Berkeley : University of California Press , chapter 1 .
Located at intervals along the synaptonemal complex are large protein assemblies called recombination nodules .
3243 .
Keep in mind that whenever a voltage is quoted , it is understood to be the potential difference between two points .
6238 .
3378 .
A public outcry followed Martin ’s death .
Nownes , Interest Groups in American Politics .
Even if you are new to the study of psychology , chances are that you have heard of Pavlov and his famous dogs .
Omnivores are animals that eat both plant- and animal- derived food .
A nucleus that spontaneously destroys part of its mass to emit radiation is said to decay ( a term also used to describe the emission of radiation by atoms in excited states ) .
Think about how a grocery store is organized .
A secure base is a parental presence that gives the child a sense of safety as he explores his surroundings .
“ Congress and the Public , ” http://www.gallup.com/poll/1600/congress-public.aspx ( May 15 , 2016 ) .
Democratic leaders encourage group participation in all decision making .
With random assignment , all participants have an equal chance of being assigned to either group .
During the fight - or - flight response , the body is rapidly aroused by activation of both the sympathetic nervous system and the endocrine system ( [ link ] ) .
Commonly conferred in architecture and industrial design , this means someone has invented a new and original design for a manufactured product .
He disliked the tactics of Joseph McCarthy but did not oppose him directly , preferring to remain above the fray .
Moreover , blacks were often denied access to educational opportunities , which in turn meant that they had lower levels of qualifications for many jobs .
Eventually , after President James Garfield had been assassinated by a disappointed office seeker ( [ link ] ) , Congress responded to cries for reform with the Pendleton Act , also called the Civil Service Reform Act of 1883 .
6145 .
4857 .
64 .
7005 .
360 .
693 .
4166 .
No nation by itself can reduce emissions of carbon dioxide and other gases by enough to solve the problem of global warming — not without the cooperation of other nations .
A simulation model is an ecosystem model that is created using complex computer algorithms to holistically model ecosystems and to predict the effects of environmental disturbances on ecosystem structure and dynamics .
As synthesis proceeds , the RNA primers are replaced by DNA .
As more and more antibiotic - resistant strains of bacteria evolve , the use of bacteriophages might be a potential solution to the problem , and the development of phage therapy is of much interest to researchers worldwide .
This variation in response is due to differences in protein expression in different cell types .
477 .
91 .
5616 .
When individuals make decisions about buying a public good , a free rider problem can arise , in which people have an incentive to let others pay for the public good and then to “ free ride ” on the purchases of others .
He was pointing out that a country that is behind has some extra potential for catching up .
Many genes code for proteins , which in turn carry out the metabolic processes that keep organisms alive and reproducing .
Two replication forks are formed at the origin of replication and these get extended bi- directionally as replication proceeds .
If other factors relevant to supply do change , then the entire supply curve will shift .
A free - body diagram is a drawing of all external forces acting on a body .
A constitutional amendment to this effect was passed by the House of Representatives in January 1865 , after having already been approved by the Senate in April 1864 , and it was ratified in December 1865 as the Thirteenth Amendment .
The diploid nucleus gives rise to haploid nuclei by meiosis .
Traditionally , tariffs were used simply as a political tool to protect certain vested economic , social , and cultural interests .
6617 .
Yelberton will compare the different choices along the budget constraint and choose the one that provides him with the highest utility .
Another handful of reform attempts were therefore pushed through in the wake of World War II , but then Congress neglected campaign finance reform for a few decades .
It is one aspect of bioelectricity , or electrical effects in and created by biological systems .
However , every solute has a transport maximum and the excess is not reabsorbed . In the loop of Henle , the permeability of the membrane changes .
This pattern became known as stagflation .
Many young women of the era shed their mother ’s morality and adopted the dress and mannerisms of a flapper , the Jazz Age female stereotype , seeking the endless party .
This is called hybrid inviability because the hybrid organisms simply are not viable .
The ligands that promote cell growth are called growth factors .
Gravitational waves are mass - created distortions in space that propagate at the speed of light and are predicted by general relativity .
1551 .
The cortex is made up of two hemispheres — right and left — which are separated by a large sulcus .
Before Lincoln took office , John Crittenden , a senator from Kentucky who had helped form the Constitutional Union Party during the 1860 presidential election , attempted to defuse the explosive situation by offering six constitutional amendments and a series of resolutions , known as the Crittenden Compromise .
When deadweight loss exists , it is possible for both consumer and producer surplus to be higher , in this case because the price control is blocking some suppliers and demanders from transactions they would both be willing to make .
6304 .
Another method to reduce moral hazard is to require the injured party to pay a share of the costs .
5644 .
Many substances have been shown to bioaccumulate , including classical studies with the pesticide dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane ( DDT ) , which was published in the 1960s bestseller , Silent Spring , by Rachel Carson .
There are now several synthetic versions of opiate drugs ( correctly called opioids ) that have very potent painkilling effects , and they are often abused .
3496 .
This method involves marking a sample of captured animals in some way ( such as tags , bands , paint , or other body markings ) , and then releasing them back into the environment to allow them to mix with the rest of the population ; later , a new sample is collected , including some individuals that are marked ( recaptures ) and some individuals that are unmarked ( [ link ] ) .
If the journal does not allow the combination of both sections , the results section simply narrates the findings without any further interpretation .
1890 .
The Commonwealth study further reports that while underinsurance has historically been an issue that low - income families faced , today it is affecting middle - income families more and more . Why are so many people uninsured or underinsured ?
2550 .
The Clear it Up discusses the outcome of deregulation in one industry in particular — airlines .
461 .
The allantois stores nitrogenous wastes produced by the embryo and also facilitates respiration .
6818 .
These crown - sanctioned tribunals , which settled disputes that occurred at sea , operated without juries .
Wavelength refers to the length of a wave from one peak to the next .
Infertility is the inability to conceive a child or carry a child to birth .
Explicit costs are out - of - pocket costs , that is , payments that are actually made .
4688 .
Crime , on the other hand , is a behavior that violates official law and is punishable through formal sanctions .
4555 .
“ Alice Paul , ” https://www.nwhm.org/education-resources/biography/biographies/alice-paul/ ( April 10 , 2016 ) .
Psychosocial development involves emotions , personality , and social relationships .
The wires connecting the voltage source to the resistor can be assumed to have negligible resistance , or their resistance can be included in RR size 12 { R } { } .
Wilhelm Wundt ( 1832–1920 ) was a German scientist who was the first person to be referred to as a psychologist .
6081 .
The central problem in radiotherapy is to make the dose for cancer cells as high as possible while limiting the dose for normal cells .
Forced by racial discrimination to live in the barrios of East Los Angeles , many Mexican American youths sought to create their own identity and began to adopt a distinctive style of dress known as zoot suits , which were also popular among many young African American men .
Some leaves are attached to the plant stem by a petiole .
Bundles of fibers can be used to transmit an image without a lens , as illustrated in [ link ] .
Most types of autoimmunity involve the humoral immune response .
The National Credit Union Administration ( NCUA ) supervises credit unions , which are nonprofit banks owned and run by their members .
1999 .
Some additional trees emerge through this closed upper canopy .
6648 .
The Controlled Substances Act ( CSA ) , passed by Congress in 1970 , declares marijuana a dangerous drug and makes its sale a prosecutable act .
Defining the scope of national power was the subject of another landmark Supreme Court decision in 1824 .
Mineral soils are predominant in terrestrial ecosystems , where soils may be covered by water for part of the year or exposed to the atmosphere . 1216 .
905 .
The prevention of a pregnancy comes under the terms contraception or birth control .
FM stands for frequency modulation , another method of carrying information .
Since experimental manipulation is the only difference between the experimental and control groups , we can be sure that any differences between the two are due to experimental manipulation rather than chance .
4501 .
Thermodynamics refers to the study of energy and energy transfer involving physical matter .
Researchers also strive for validity , which refers to how well the study measures what it was designed to measure .
There are so many differences in marijuana laws between states , and between the states and the national government , that uniform application of treatment in courts across the nation is nearly impossible ( [ link ] ) .
Chisholm v. Georgia , 2 U.S. 419 ( 1793 ) .
5536 .
2347 .
The size of total production in an economy is measured by the gross domestic product ( GDP ) .
Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 prohibited discrimination in employment on the basis of sex as well as race , color , national origin , and religion .
The inner wall of the heart has a lining called the endocardium .
New social movement theory , a development of European social scientists in the 1950s and 1960s , attempts to explain the proliferation of postindustrial and postmodern movements that are difficult to analyze using traditional social movement theories .
Diastolic pressure can be an indicator of fluid balance .
The storage of food reserves in angiosperm seeds differs between monocots and dicots .
In 1990 , the Supreme Court made a controversial decision substantially narrowing the Sherbert test in Employment Division v. Smith , more popularly known as “ the peyote case .
6859 .
When you finally got it fixed and started using it to open Tiger ’s food again , Tiger would remember the association between the can opener and her food — she would get excited and run to the kitchen when she heard the sound .
2804 .
5142 .
Senator or House member , some states use the top - two primary method .
The term media defines a number of different communication formats from television media , which share information through broadcast airwaves , to print media , which rely on printed documents .
6555 .
3857 .
957 .
The name was significant ; opponents of Jackson saw him as exercising tyrannical power , so they chose the name Whig after the eighteenth - century political party that resisted the monarchical power of King George III .
According to Sutherland , deviance is less a personal choice and more a result of differential socialization processes .
2091 .
It is the memory for skilled actions , such as how to brush your teeth , how to drive a car , how to swim the crawl ( freestyle ) stroke .
Shortened telomeres can inhibit or block cell division , which includes growth and proliferation of new cells , thereby leading to more rapid aging ( Sapolsky , 2004 ) .
Ogden starts at choice A on the higher opportunity set and the higher indifference curve .
The most famous presidential proclamation was Abraham Lincoln ’s Emancipation Proclamation ( 1863 ) , which declared slaves in areas under Confederate control to be free ( with a few exceptions ) .
5831 .
Would you still see a busy building like the one shown in [ link]?In sociology , economy refers to the social institution through which a society ’s resources are exchanged and managed .
Roughly 7,500 years ago , human societies began to recognize their ability to tame and breed animals and to grow and cultivate their own plants .
Two types of selection occur during this process and can lead to traits that are important to reproduction called secondary sexual characteristics : intersexual selection , the choosing of a mate where individuals of one sex choose mates of the other sex , and intrasexual selection , the competition for mates between species members of the same sex .
In addition to measuring simple density , further information about a population can be obtained by looking at the distribution of the individuals .
3828 .
Some groups , including the Iroquois , engaged in raids or “ mourning wars , ” taking enemy prisoners in order to assuage their grief and replace the departed .
Only a few decades ago , homosexuality was considered a mental disorder , and intercourse between consenting adults of the same sex was illegal in many states .
4378 .
Anterograde amnesia is commonly caused by brain trauma , such as a blow to the head .
2565 .
The wavy lines seen between the lacunae are microchannels called canaliculi ; they connect the lacunae to aid diffusion between the cells .
4213 .
If there are three or more leaves connected at a node , the leaf arrangement is classified as whorled .
Productivity means how much output can be produced with a given quantity of labor .
Instead of continuous characteristics , Mendel worked with traits that were inherited in distinct classes ( specifically , violet versus white flowers ) ; this is referred to as discontinuous variation .
Colin Powell ( b ) , nominated by George W. Bush , was also unanimously confirmed .
It ’s what Freud considered to be the self , and it is the part of our personality that is seen by others .
Some people move downward because of business setbacks , unemployment , or illness .
Considerations of how Maxwell ’s equations appear to different observers led to the modern theory of relativity , and the realization that electric and magnetic fields are different manifestations of the same thing .
Step 4 .
As the name suggests , debt accumulation is the buildup of external debt , wherein countries borrow money from other nations to fund their expansion or growth goals .
Health insurance policies often have a copayment , in which the policyholder must pay a small amount ; for example , a person might have to pay $ 20 for each doctor visit , and the insurance company would cover the rest .
Psychopathology is the study of psychological disorders , including their symptoms , etiology ( i.e. , their causes ) , and treatment .
Correlational research is useful because it allows us to discover the strength and direction of relationships that exist between two variables .
6160 .
Nonpolar covalent bonds form between two atoms of the same element or between different elements that share electrons equally .
The hormone calcitonin , which is produced by the parafollicular or C cells of the thyroid , has the opposite effect on blood calcium levels as does PTH .
This aggregate expenditure line is illustrated in [ link ] .
They are familiar to the general public because of their practical applications and have been mentioned at a number of points in the text .
New demographic - based models of life history evolution have been developed which incorporate many ecological concepts included in r- and K - selection theory as well as population age structure and mortality factors .
Such forces cause liquid drops to cling to window panes , for example .
6950 .
2838 .
By 1916 , he had laid the foundation of general relativity , again almost on his own .
73 .
Vaccines may be prepared using live viruses , killed viruses , or molecular subunits of the virus .
5347 .
Countries with low per capita gross domestic product ( GDP ) , such as China , place a greater emphasis on economic output — which in turn helps to produce nutrition , shelter , health , education , and desirable consumer goods .
These hormones regulate the gonads ( testes in males and ovaries in females ) and therefore are called gonadotropins .
In this example , we will call the gene for cleft chin “ B , ” and the gene for smooth chin “ b. ” Cleft chin is a dominant trait , which means that having the dominant allele either from one parent ( Bb ) or both parents ( BB ) will always result in the phenotype associated with the dominant allele .
Article II of the Constitution lays out the agreed - upon requirements — the chief executive must be at least thirty - five years old and a “ natural born ” citizen of the United States ( or a citizen at the time of the Constitution ’s adoption ) who has been an inhabitant of the United States for at least fourteen years . U.S .
The wavy lines seen between the lacunae are microchannels called canaliculi ; they connect the lacunae to aid diffusion between the cells .
“ Virginia Governor Tries to Woo Indiana Businesses , ” http://www.nbcwashington.com/blogs/first-read-dmv/Virginia-Governor-Tries-to-Woo-Indiana-Businesses-298087131.html ( March 14 , 2016 ) .
The auditory cortex , the main area responsible for processing auditory information , is located within the temporal lobe .
6518 .
Hence , they do not contribute much to an element ’s overall atomic mass .
These glands are located on the posterior surface of the thyroid gland , as shown in [ link ] . 1823 .
529 .
Clinton reported $ 47 million , Cruz with $ 14 million , and Bush with $ 11 million in contributions .
Ecology is the study of the interactions of living organisms with their environment .
506 .
The dependent variable is the effect , or thing that is changed .
638 .
Standard deviations describe how data are dispersed in a population and give context to large data sets .
The following cities were the primary destinations for these African Americans : New York , Chicago , Philadelphia , St. Louis , Detroit , Pittsburgh , Cleveland , and Indianapolis . 2418 .
For instance , with the passage of the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act in 1996 , known as the welfare reform bill , states were given great discretion over the provision of welfare .
The exine contains sporopollenin , a complex waterproofing substance supplied by the tapetal cells .
Studies that use the symbolic interactionist perspective are more likely to use qualitative research methods , such as in - depth interviews or participant observation , because they seek to understand the symbolic worlds in which research subjects live .
1870 .
139 .
Cycads bear large cones ( [ link ] ) , and may be pollinated by beetles rather than wind : unusual for a gymnosperm . 911 .
A K - complex is a very high amplitude pattern of brain activity that may in some cases occur in response to environmental stimuli .
Scholars of voting behavior have also suggested at least three other characteristics of the U.S. system that are likely to influence party outcomes : the Electoral College , demobilized ethnicity , and campaign and election laws .
“ What You Should Know About Forgotten Founding Father John Jay , ” PBS Newshour . July 4 , 2015 . http://www.pbs.org/newshour/rundown/forgotten-founding-father .
The set - point theory asserts that each individual has an ideal body weight , or set point , which is resistant to change .
The lines appear to be different lengths , but they are actually the same length .
Religious / Redemptive movements are “ meaning seeking , ” and their goal is to provoke inner change or spiritual growth in individuals .
Endemic species are found in only one location .
“ Herbert Hoover : Radio Address to the Nation on Unemployment Relief , ” The American Presidency Project , 18 October 1931 , http://www.presidency.ucsb.edu / ws/?pid=22855 .
In [ link ] , the original equilibrium ( E0 ) where the demand curve ( D0 ) for financial capital intersects with the supply curve ( S0 ) occurs at an interest rate of 5 % and an equilibrium quantity equal to 20 % of GDP .
Endemics with highly restricted distributions are particularly vulnerable to extinction .
Drug use disorders are addictive disorders , and the criteria for specific substance ( drug ) use disorders are described in DSM-5 .
In cross - sectional research , a researcher compares multiple segments of the population at the same time .
Probable cause is the legal standard for determining whether a search or seizure is constitutional or a crime has been committed ; it is a lower threshold than the standard of proof at a criminal trial .
Status Consistency
When someone commits a criminal act , the government ( state or national , depending on which law has been broken ) charges that person with a crime , and the case brought to court contains the name of the charging government , as in Miranda v. Arizona discussed below .
3229 .
4477 .
The word antinode is used to denote the location of maximum amplitude in standing waves .
Unlike public goods , which all people may use without charge , common goods are in limited supply .
Dehydration and hydrolysis reactions are catalyzed , or “ sped up , ” by specific enzymes ; dehydration reactions involve the formation of new bonds , requiring energy , while hydrolysis reactions break bonds and release energy .
4241 .
Spectrophotometers measure transmitted light and compute from it the absorption .
For our purposes , we will define capitalism as an economic system in which there is private ownership ( as opposed to state ownership ) and where there is an impetus to produce profit , and thereby wealth .
Biogeography is the study of the geographic distribution of living things and the abiotic factors that affect their distribution .
Because the shortcomings of the Articles of Confederation proved impossible to overcome , the convention that met in Philadelphia in 1787 decided to create an entirely new government .
This function is referred to as social placement .
See William Wei .
[ link ] illustrates a theoretical model of this situation .
Different forms of the GLUT protein control passage of glucose into the cells of specific tissues .
The lepidosaurs include modern lizards , snakes , and tuataras .
Infected cells are identified and destroyed by natural killer ( NK ) cells , lymphocytes that can kill cells infected with viruses or tumor cells ( abnormal cells that uncontrollably divide and invade other tissue ) .
Mycorrhiza , which comes from the Greek words myco meaning fungus and rhizo meaning root , refers to the association between vascular plant roots and their symbiotic fungi .
This right , not enumerated in the Constitution , was first asserted by George Washington to curtail inquiry into the actions of the executive branch . Mark J. Rozel .
Franklin wrote in his letters and books that he could see the effects of electric charge but did not understand what caused the phenomenon .
2859 .
Although the president may call upon various agencies for assistance in lobbying for proposals , such as the Office of Legislative Liaison with Congress , it is often left to the chief executive to offer incentives and rewards .
Not all antigens will provoke a response .
The constitution of the Confederate States of America ( CSA ) , or the Confederacy , drafted at a convention in Montgomery , Alabama , in February 1861 , closely followed the 1787 Constitution .
Some diatoms exhibit a slit in their silica shell , called a raphe .
The rotifers are a microscopic ( about 100 µm to 30 mm ) group of mostly aquatic organisms that get their name from the corona , a rotating , wheel - like structure that is covered with cilia at their anterior end ( [ link ] ) .
At the beginning of Pontiac ’s uprising , the British issued the Proclamation of 1763 , which forbade white settlement west of the Proclamation Line , a borderline running along the spine of the Appalachian Mountains ( [ link ] ) .
The Twenty - Third Amendment ( 1961 ) allowed residents of Washington , DC to vote for the president .
But in the 1970s , starting with Jimmy Carter , presidents made a far more conscious effort to make their vice presidents part of the governing team , placing them in charge of increasingly important issues .
We need only look at the number of parties in the British or Canadian systems , both of which are winner - take - all plurality systems like that in the United States , to see that it is possible to have more than two parties while still directly electing representatives .
5318 .
He used the concept of secure base to define a healthy attachment between parent and child ( 1988 ) .
For example , José is an 18-year - old Hispanic male from a traditional family .
Martin Luther King Jr. emerged during these events to become the charismatic leader of the movement , gained respect from elites in the federal government , and aided by even more emerging SMOs such as the Student Non - Violent Coordinating Committee ( SNCC ) , the Congress of Racial Equality ( CORE ) , the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People ( NAACP ) , and the Southern Christian Leadership Conference ( SCLC ) , among others .
1371 .
2141 .
In an attempt to control his seizures , H. M. underwent brain surgery to remove his hippocampus and amygdala .
Under socialism , everything that people produce , including services , is considered a social product .
If we have biological rhythms , then is there some sort of biological clock ?
Economists typically consider dollars to be fungible , or having equal value to the individual , regardless of the situation .
2767 .
One example of a binocular depth cue is binocular disparity , the slightly different view of the world that each of our eyes receives .
Du Bois , however , argued for a more confrontational approach and in 1909 founded the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People ( NAACP ) as a rallying point for securing equality .
Because of its interdisciplinary nature , this subdiscipline studies different functions of the nervous system using molecular , cellular , developmental , medical , and computational approaches .
In foreign exchange markets , demand and supply become closely interrelated , because a person or firm who demands one currency must at the same time supply another currency — and vice versa .
This process is discussed more fully in the chapter on elections .
A group of materials made from the alloys of the rare earth elements are also used as strong and permanent magnets ; a popular one is neodymium .
Freud viewed development as discontinuous ; he believed that each of us must pass through a series of stages during childhood , and that if we lack proper nurturance and parenting during a stage , we may become stuck , or fixated , in that stage .
2042 .
Kimberly has $ 1,000 per year to spend between these two choices .
The difference between wavelengths relates to the amount of energy carried by them . 305 .
Indeed , starting with Barack Obama ’s 2008 decision to forfeit public funding so as to skirt the spending limitations imposed , candidates now regularly opt to raise more money rather than to take public funding .
Tolerance is linked to physiological dependence , and it occurs when a person requires more and more drug to achieve effects previously experienced at lower doses .
3623 .
The thyroid gland is located in the neck , just below the larynx and in front of the trachea , as shown in [ link ] .
Ecological pyramids show the relative amounts of various parameters ( such as number of organisms , energy , and biomass ) across trophic levels .
In prokaryotes , the genome is composed of a single , double - stranded DNA molecule in the form of a loop or circle ( [ link ] ) .
But why will costs remain the same ?
1591 .
By 1856 , the American or Know - Nothing Party had evolved into a national force committed to halting further immigration .
While the president still has stronger foreign policy powers than domestic powers , the governing context has changed in two key ways .
Blood calcium levels are regulated by parathyroid hormone ( PTH ) , which is produced by the parathyroid glands , as illustrated in [ link ] .
Many states rejected the Second Bank , arguing that the national government was infringing upon the states ’ constitutional jurisdiction .
Goffman ’s dramaturgy ideas expand on the ideas of Charles Cooley and the looking - glass self .
Most fugue episodes last only a few hours or days , but some can last longer . 4222 .
The third - largest source of federal tax revenue , as shown in [ link ] is the corporate income tax .
6605 .
833 .
At the far left of the aggregate supply curve , the level of output in the economy is far below potential GDP , which is defined as the quantity that an economy can produce by fully employing its existing levels of labor , physical capital , and technology , in the context of its existing market and legal institutions .
For example , car manufacturers use the principles of negative reinforcement in their seatbelt systems , which go “ beep , beep , beep ” until you fasten your seatbelt .
The government created land offices to handle these sales and established them in the West within easy reach of prospective landowners .
The effects on wages of low - skill workers are not large — perhaps in the range of decline of about 1 % .
The independent assortment of genes can be illustrated by the dihybrid cross , a cross between two true - breeding parents that express different traits for two characteristics .
3367 .
Selenium is a substance with an interesting property — it is a photoconductor .
1500 .
869 .
3345 .
Although deviance is a violation of social norms , it ’s not always punishable , and it ’s not necessarily bad .
This was difficult to do , but it generally did prevent anyone from hijacking the Senate floor , with the salient exception of Senator Strom Thurmond ’s record twenty - four - hour filibuster of the Civil Rights Act .
Having individuals behave as they normally would in a given situation means that we have a higher degree of ecological validity , or realism , than we might achieve with other research approaches .
T3 and T4 release from the thyroid gland is stimulated by thyroid - stimulating hormone ( TSH ) , which is produced by the anterior pituitary .
We pretend that there is a positive test charge , qq size 12 { q } { } , at point O , which allows us to determine the direction of the fields E1 E1 size 12 { E rSub { size 8 { 1 } } } { } and E2 E2 size 12 { E rSub { size 8 { 2 } } } { } .
The early portion of stage 1 sleep produces alpha waves , which are relatively low frequency ( 8 – 13 Hz ) , high amplitude patterns of electrical activity ( waves ) that become synchronized ( [ link ] ) .
A public figure must show that the publisher or broadcaster acted in “ reckless disregard ” when submitting information as truth or that the author ’s intent was malicious .
Second messengers are small molecules that propagate a signal after it has been initiated by the binding of the signaling molecule to the receptor .
6379 .
Stolons are stems that run almost parallel to the ground , or just below the surface , and can give rise to new plants at the nodes .
During prometaphase , the “ first change phase , ” many processes that were begun in prophase continue to advance .
The upper house , the Senate , was to have two members from each state .
The U.S. poverty line in 2015 ranged from $ 11,790 for a single individual to $ 25,240 for a household of four people .
A citizen ’s socioeconomic status — the combination of education , income , and social status — may also predict whether he or she will vote .
An electrocardiogram ( ECG ) is a record of the voltages created by the wave of depolarization and subsequent repolarization in the heart .
The success of a study depends on how well a population is represented by the sample .
This caused many , like Henry Abbot of North Carolina , to fear that government would be placed in the hands of “ pagans .
Before it overflows , the water forms a dome - like shape above the rim of the glass .
Woody plants have a tough , waterproof outer layer of cork cells commonly known as bark , which further protects the plant from damage .
He might contact his professor to discuss what must be done to raise his grade , he might also decide to set aside two hours daily to study statistics assignments , and he may seek tutoring assistance .
Answers were on a scale of 1–5 , where 1 meant “ Fully agree ” and 5 meant “ Completely disagree . ” For the U.S. population as a whole , 52 % answered “ Fully agree ” that preventing high inflation was a highly important national priority and just 4 % said “ Completely disagree . ” However , among professional economists , only 18 % answered “ Fully agree , ” while the same percentage of 18 % answered “ Completely disagree . ”
In other words , the bank was an appropriate instrument that enabled the national government to carry out several of its enumerated powers , such as regulating interstate commerce , collecting taxes , and borrowing money .
A survey targets a specific population , people who are the focus of a study , such as college athletes , international students , or teenagers living with type 1 ( juvenile - onset ) diabetes .
3566 .
Are we who we are because of nature ( biology and genetics ) , or are we who we are because of nurture ( our environment and culture ) ?
6363 .
Basically , ideas ( in the form of theories and hypotheses ) are tested against the real world ( in the form of empirical observations ) , and those empirical observations lead to more ideas that are tested against the real world , and so on .
A mental set is where you persist in approaching a problem in a way that has worked in the past but is clearly not working now .
Together , the number of protons and the number of neutrons determine an element ’s mass number , as illustrated in [ link ] .
Intermediates of dsRNA , called replicative intermediates , are made in the process of copying the genomic RNA .
The final imperial war , the French and Indian War ( 1754 – 1763 ) , known as the Seven Years ’ War ( 1756 – 1763 ) in Europe , proved to be the decisive contest between Britain and France in America .
Beyond that , however , the differences that have been found have been minor .
She shared with the public the news of her breast cancer diagnosis and subsequent mastectomy .
All resonant frequencies are integral multiples of the fundamental , and they are collectively called harmonics .
2790 .
Resistors are in series whenever the flow of charge , called the current , must flow through devices sequentially .
Globally , 54 percent of the world ’s 7 billion people currently reside in urban areas , with the most urbanized region being North America ( 82 percent ) , followed by Latin America / the Caribbean ( 80 percent ) , with Europe coming in third ( 72 percent ) .
3300 .
A bank must have positive net worth ; otherwise it is insolvent or bankrupt , meaning it would not have enough assets to pay back its liabilities .
Sex refers to physical or physiological differences between males and females , including both primary sex characteristics ( the reproductive system ) and secondary characteristics such as height and muscularity .
3272 .
The real value refers to the same statistic after it has been adjusted for inflation .
Today , a lack of high - paying jobs in many urban areas , combined with persistent racism , has trapped many African Americans in poor neighborhoods .
His famous book entitled Principles of Physiological Psychology was published in 1873 .
According to the Office of Management and Budget , collectively , these three departments provided an estimated $ 62 billion of aid through programs such as supplemental feeding programs for women and children , subsidized housing , and energy assistance .
6501 .
The tradeoff between economic output and the environment can be analyzed with a production possibility frontier ( PPF ) such as the one shown in [ link ] .
His idea that learning is the result of consequences is based on the law of effect , which was first proposed by psychologist Edward Thorndike .
How about Joaquin , the soccer player ?
For example , the Seventeenth Amendment , ratified in 1913 , gave voters the right to directly elect U.S. senators .
3991 .
Osmolarity describes the total solute concentration of the solution .
A visit to the library and a thorough online search will uncover existing research about the topic of study .
As mentioned earlier , both Freud and Rogers provided perspectives that have been influential in shaping how clinicians interact with people seeking psychotherapy .
The notochord extends into the head , which gives the subphylum its name .
3689 .
In many cases , people in these neighborhoods can be part of a cancer cluster without realizing the cause .
The publication of the Federalist Papers , as well as the Anti - Federalist Papers , in the 1780s , moved the nation into the party press era , in which partisanship and political party loyalty dominated the choice of editorial content .
Relativity must be used whenever an object is traveling at greater than about 1 % of the speed of light or experiences a strong gravitational field such as that near the Sun .
There were allegations of racial profiling — the use by law enforcement of race alone to determine whether to stop and detain someone — a national discussion about “ Stand Your Ground Laws , ” and a failed lawsuit in which Zimmerman accused NBC of airing an edited version of the 911 call that made him appear racist .
Rape , murder , and armed robbery fall under this category .
Furthermore , although the federal government was to be limited to those powers enumerated in the Constitution , Article I provided for the expansion of Congressional powers if needed .
3214 .
This is known as the timbre of a sound .
Some sects do not grow into denominations .
The resulting offspring can be either haploid or diploid , depending on the process and the species .
Deindustrialization , a related issue , occurs as a consequence of capital flight , as no new companies open to replace jobs lost to foreign nations .
The formula for calculating ∆G is as follows , where the symbol T refers to absolute temperature in Kelvin ( degrees Celsius + 273 ) :
For example , answers to the following questions are stored in your semantic memory :
Americans who vocally supported the communist cause or opposed the war often found themselves in jail .
4735 .
Remarkably , the pressure is transmitted undiminished .
It also is involved in regulating brain activity during sleep .
Researchers analyze data using statistical techniques to see if they can uncover patterns of human behavior .
The category of technology is the “ joker in the deck . ”
4391 .
The miRNAs are made in the nucleus as longer pre - miRNAs .
The movement of a plant subjected to constant directional pressure is called thigmotropism , from the Greek words thigma meaning “ touch , ” and tropism implying “ direction . ” Tendrils are one example of this .
Amnesia refers to the partial or total forgetting of some experience or event .
Short proteins called cadherins in the plasma membrane connect to intermediate filaments to create desmosomes .
Fruit trees , such as apple and orange trees , are polycarpic ; they flower every year .
A parasitic plant depends on its host for survival .
In both seedless and seed plants , the female gametophyte provides protection and nutrients to the embryo as it develops into the new generation of sporophyte .
After binding , GTP is hydrolysed by the G - protein into GDP and becomes inactive . The activated G - protein in turn activates a membrane - bound enzyme called adenylyl cyclase .
Wundt established his psychology laboratory at the University at Leipzig in 1879 ( [ link ] ) .
The hypothalamus regulates a number of homeostatic processes , including the regulation of body temperature , appetite , and blood pressure .
636 .
35 .
These powers are known as reserved powers ( [ link ] ) .
6255 .
His speeches became known as “ fireside chats ” and formed an important way for him to promote his New Deal agenda ( [ link ] ) .
Another ingredient of M2 are the relatively small ( that is , less than about $ 100,000 ) certificates of deposit ( CDs ) or time deposits , which are accounts that the depositor has committed to leaving in the bank for a certain period of time , ranging from a few months to a few years , in exchange for a higher interest rate .
5178 .
Organelles are small structures that exist within cells .
Horizontal gene transfer ( HGT ) is the introduction of genetic material from one species to another species by mechanisms other than the vertical transmission from parent(s ) to offspring .
6186 .
A midsagittal plane divides the body exactly in the middle , making two equal right and left halves .
These papers included materials from a secret history of the Vietnam War that had been compiled by the military .
Cells are classified as prokaryotic or eukaryotic .
According to the drive theory of motivation , deviations from homeostasis create physiological needs .
Judicial review was established in the Supreme Court case Marbury v. Madison , when , for the first time , the Court declared an act of Congress to be unconstitutional . Marbury v. Madison , 5 U.S. 137 ( 1803 ) .
The island of Mauritius is one of the few African nations to encourage international trade in government - supported special economic zones ( SEZ ) .
See John Kincaid .
One key message underlying this discussion of M1 and M2 is that money in a modern economy is not just paper bills and coins ; instead , money is closely linked to bank accounts .
Nucleotides preceding the initiation site are given negative numbers and are designated upstream .
Experimenter bias refers to the possibility that a researcher ’s expectations might skew the results of the study .
For most viruses , the molecular basis for this specificity is that a particular surface molecule known as the viral receptor must be found on the host cell surface for the virus to attach .
The chain termination method involves DNA replication of a single - stranded template with the use of a primer and a regular deoxynucleotide ( dNTP ) , which is a monomer , or a single unit , of DNA .
Now suppose that a government antipoverty program guarantees every family with a single mother and two children $ 18,000 in income .
If the farmer started out producing at a level of 60 , and then experimented with increasing production to 70 , marginal revenues from the increase in production would exceed marginal costs — and so profits would rise .
Mapp v. Ohio , 367 U.S. 643 ( 1961 ) ; Weeks v. United States , 232 U.S. 383 ( 1914 ) .
Jasmonates play a major role in defense responses to herbivory .
In fact , presidents long followed George Washington ’s example and limited themselves to two terms .
4211 .
In other words , it is a bank ’s net worth .
People who suffer from diabetes do not produce enough insulin ; therefore , they must take medications that stimulate or replace insulin production , and they must closely control the amount of sugars and carbohydrates they consume . The gonads secrete sexual hormones , which are important in reproduction , and mediate both sexual motivation and behavior .
6656 .
These photoreceptor cells , known as cones , are light - detecting cells .
4160 .
If the two waves have the same amplitude and wavelength , then they alternate between constructive and destructive interference .
Tuataras measure up to 80 centimeters and weigh about 1 kilogram .
http://www.ncsl.org/research/elections-and-campaigns/voter-id.aspx ( November 78 , 2015 ) .
5341 .
In transactional leadership , the focus is on supervision and organizational goals , which are achieved through a system of rewards and punishments ( i.e. , transactions ) .
Julian Rotter ( 1966 ) proposed the concept of locus of control , another cognitive factor that affects learning and personality development .
Governments such as municipalities and executive departments such as the Department of Education register to lobby in an effort to maximize their share of budgets or increase their level of autonomy .
On June 26 , 2015 , supporters of marriage equality in front of the U.S. Supreme Court building eagerly await the announcement of a decision in the case of Obergefell v. Hodges ( 2015 ) .
Incoherent means the waves have random phase relationships .
The five coding regions for the tryptophan biosynthesis enzymes are arranged sequentially on the chromosome in the operon .
If imports exceed exports , the economy is said to have a trade deficit .
A researcher would n’t stroll into a crime - ridden neighborhood at midnight , calling out , “ Any gang members around ? ”
The goal is not only to protect individuals ’ savings , but to protect the integrity of the financial system itself .
6908 .
While we use blue arrows to represent the magnitude and direction of the electric field , we use green lines to represent places where the electric potential is constant .
Metabolomics involves the study of small molecule metabolites found in an organism .
4246 .
Elasticities that are less than one indicate low responsiveness to price changes and correspond to inelastic demand or inelastic supply .
6426 .
Instead , viscous drag increases , slowing acceleration , until a critical speed , called the terminal speed , is reached and the acceleration of the object becomes zero .
It is
David Souter , nominated by Republican George H. W. Bush , more often than not sided with the Court ’s liberal wing .
The haploid gametophyte produces the male and female gametes by mitosis in distinct multicellular structures .
2263 .
Phylum Monilophyta : Class Equisetopsida ( Horsetails )
After many years of campaigns for suffrage , as shown in [ link ] , the Nineteenth Amendment finally gave women the right to vote in 1920 .
4826 .
Nuclear fusion is a reaction in which two nuclei are combined , or fused , to form a larger nucleus .
3304 .
Some held slaves like their white counterparts .
The political divisions that plagued the United States in the 1960s were reflected in the rise of identity politics in the 1970s .
Since matter can be thought to curve the space around it , we call an open universe negatively curved .
When these impulses reach the end of the axon , the signal continues on to a dendrite of the next cell by the release of chemical ligands called neurotransmitters by the presynaptic cell ( the cell emitting the signal ) .
6085 .
2495 .
During the Middle Ages , most Europeans lived in small villages that consisted of a manorial house or castle for the lord , a church , and simple homes for the peasants or serfs , who made up about 60 percent of western Europe ’s population .
The Speaker of the House and the Senate majority leader , the majority party ’s congressional leaders , have significant tools at their disposal to punish party members who defect on a particular vote .
3827 .
On January 14 , Bush succeeded in getting resolutions from Congress authorizing the use of military force against Iraq , and the U.S. then orchestrated an effective air campaign , followed by Operation Desert Storm , a one - hundred - hour land war involving over 500,000 U.S. troops and another 200,000 from twenty - seven other countries , which expelled Iraqi forces from Kuwait by the end of February .
The timing of rises and falls in unemployment matches fairly well with the timing of upswings and downswings in the overall economy .
The outer layer ( from ectoderm ) is called the epidermis and lines the outside of the animal , whereas the inner layer ( from endoderm ) is called the gastrodermis and lines the digestive cavity .
6206 .
A parent who also has a full - time career can experience role conflict on a daily basis .
5339 .
Even though the Civil Rights Act of 1964 had a monumental impact over the long term , it did not end efforts by many southern whites to maintain the white - dominated political power structure in the region .
We sometimes refer to this as radiant energy , or electromagnetic radiation , which includes visible light , infrared , and ultraviolet radiation .
Cornell University Law School : Legal Information Institute .
The term culture refers to the group ’s shared practices , values , and beliefs .
When the sound waves in the cochlear fluid contact the basilar membrane , it flexes back and forth in a wave - like fashion .
Humus enriches the soil with nutrients and enhances soil moisture retention .
The word psychology was coined at a time when the concepts of soul and mind were not as clearly distinguished ( Green , 2001 ) .
Free energy is called Gibbs free energy ( abbreviated with the letter G ) after Josiah Willard Gibbs , the scientist who developed the measurement .
352 .
4393 .
Gap junctions in animals and plasmodesmata in plants are connections between the plasma membranes of neighboring cells .
6520 .
Two electrons fill the 1s orbital , and the third electron then fills the 2s orbital .
American Patriots renamed the Coercive and Quebec measures the Intolerable Acts .
1975 .
In April 2010 , scientists at Stanford University published the genome analysis of a healthy individual ( Stephen Quake , a scientist at Stanford University , who had his genome sequenced ) ; the analysis predicted his propensity to acquire various diseases .
2426 .
The energy for each peptide bond formation is derived from GTP hydrolysis , which is catalyzed by a separate elongation factor .
2010 .
Productivity within Trophic Levels
In short , an in - group is the group that an individual feels she belongs to , and she believes it to be an integral part of who she is .
Magnetic field lines are continuous , having no beginning or end .
5396 .
Gnetophytes are the closest relative to modern angiosperms , and include three dissimilar genera of plants : Ephedra , Gnetum , and Welwitschia ( [ link ] ) .
Those middle - class and wealthier urbanites who enjoyed the costlier amenities presented by city life — including theaters , restaurants , and shopping — were free to escape to the suburbs , leaving behind the poorer working classes living in squalor and unsanitary conditions .
Animals that live in aquatic environments tend to release ammonia into the water .
Social stratification refers to a society ’s categorization of its people into rankings of socioeconomic tiers based on factors like wealth , income , race , education , and power .
They help to reduce transpiration ( the loss of water by aboveground plant parts ) , increase solar reflectance , and store compounds that defend the leaves against predation by herbivores .
Heterothallic mycelia require two different , but compatible , mycelia to reproduce sexually .
Focus first on the Keynesian zone , that portion of the SRAS curve on the far left which is relatively flat .
When these impulses reach the end of the axon , the signal continues on to a dendrite of the next cell by the release of chemical ligands called neurotransmitters by the presynaptic cell ( the cell emitting the signal ) .
On the Big Island , approximately 32 acres of land is added each year .
[ link ] lists the pattern of recessions and expansions in the U.S. economy since 1900 .
Collective behavior and social movements are just two of the forces driving social change , which is the change in society created through social movements as well as external factors like environmental shifts or technological innovations .
3582 .
4014 .
A psychological disorder is a condition characterized by abnormal thoughts , feelings , and behaviors .
The receptors for tastants are located across the outer portion and front of the tongue , outside of the middle area where the filiform papillae are most prominent .
6317 .
The weaknesses of the Articles of Confederation , already recognized by many , became apparent to all as a result of an uprising of Massachusetts farmers , led by Daniel Shays .
Suicide , defined by the CDC as “ death caused by self - directed injurious behavior with any intent to die as the result of the behavior ” ( CDC , 2013a ) , in a sense represents an outcome of several things going wrong all at the same time Crosby , Ortega , & Melanson , 2011 ) .
The tail contains skeletal elements and muscles , which provide a source of locomotion in aquatic species , such as fishes .
The energy extracted today by the burning of coal and petroleum products represents sunlight energy captured and stored by photosynthesis almost 200 million years ago . Plants , algae , and a group of bacteria called cyanobacteria are the only organisms capable of performing photosynthesis ( [ link ] ) .
The central nervous system ( CNS ) is made up of the brain , a part of which is shown in [ link ] and spinal cord and is covered with three layers of protective coverings called meninges ( from the Greek word for membrane ) .
C .
Say ’s law that supply creates its own demand does seem a good approximation for the long run . 4918 .
These series are named after early researchers who studied them in particular depth .
2398 .
But they are less certain about exactly why , or how , polarization has become such a mainstay of American politics .
5864 .
The wavelength of the radiation is longer ( called a red shift ) than that emitted by the source when the source moves away from the observer and shorter ( called a blue shift ) when the source moves toward the observer .
This equation is sometimes called the basic quantity equation of money but , as you can see , it is just the definition of velocity written in a different form .
A third main goal is the preservation of a balance of power in the world .
These are outlined in Article I ( Appendix B ) .
State senates range in size from twenty members in Alaska to sixty - seven members in Minnesota .
Sociology is the study of groups and group interactions , societies and social interactions , from small and personal groups to very large groups .
He devised a theoretical cycle , now called the Carnot cycle , which is the most efficient cyclical process possible .
In a market with no anti - pollution restrictions , firms can dispose of certain wastes absolutely free .
Some elements — such as carbon , potassium , and uranium — have naturally occurring isotopes .
1344 .
3070 .
5220 .
United States v. Pink , 315 U.S. 203 ( 1942 ) .
The cichlids of Lake Victoria are the product of an adaptive radiation .
The sign — positive or negative — of the correlation coefficient indicates the direction of the relationship ( [ link ] ) .
4110 .
3674 .
“ Op - ed : In the Wake of Windsor , ” June 26 . http://www.advocate.com/commentary/2014/06/26/op-ed-wake-windsor ( June 24 , 2015 ) .
In some cases , the person will exhibit catatonic behaviors , which show decreased reactivity to the environment , such as posturing , in which the person maintains a rigid and bizarre posture for long periods of time , or catatonic stupor , a complete lack of movement and verbal behavior .
1061 .
2196 .
The heart possesses endocrine cells in the walls of the atria that are specialized cardiac muscle cells .
This situation is a single - blind study , meaning that one of the groups ( participants ) are unaware as to which group they are in ( experiment or control group ) while the researcher who developed the experiment knows which participants are in each group .
2291 .
Many phylogenetic trees have a single lineage at the base representing a common ancestor .
2052 .
3286 .
Phylum Mollusca is the predominant phylum in marine environments .
The bicameral system established at the Constitutional Convention and still followed today requires the two houses to pass identical bills , or proposed items of legislation .
Profits for the monopolist , like any firm , will be equal to total revenues minus total costs .
3715 .
Group I viruses contain double - stranded DNA ( dsDNA ) as their genome .
Memory is the set of processes used to encode , store , and retrieve information over different periods of time ( [ link ] ) .
In Article I , Section 9 , the Constitution limits the power of Congress in three ways : prohibiting the passage of bills of attainder , prohibiting ex post facto laws , and limiting the ability of Congress to suspend the writ of habeas corpus .
This pressure triggers the micturition reflex , which stimulates the feeling of needing to urinate .
1608 .
In it , Jefferson eloquently laid out the reasons for rebellion .
These were excerpts from a study prepared during the Johnson administration that revealed the true nature of the conflict in Vietnam .
In 2013 , President Obama announced that he was considering a military strike on Syria in reaction to the Syrian government ’s illegal use of sarin gas on its own citizens .
The clitoris is a structure with erectile tissue that contains a large number of sensory nerves and serves as a source of stimulation during intercourse .
4365 .
Tryptophan is one such amino acid that E. coli can ingest from the environment .
For instance , the circulatory system transports blood through the body and to and from the lungs ; it includes organs such as the heart and blood vessels .
If exposure to a stressor is prolonged , the organism will enter the stage of resistance .
They function in cellular movement , have a diameter of about 7 nm , and are made of two intertwined strands of a globular protein called actin ( [ link ] ) .
4778 .
5106 .
Two of the nuclei — the polar nuclei — move to the equator and fuse , forming a single , diploid central cell .
6993 .
Workers were organized the way that they had been in English factories , in family units .
The potential for military engagement , and indeed the scattering about the globe of hundreds of U.S. military installations , can also be a potential source of foreign policy strength for the United States . 7018 .
In the meantime , as part of their black codes designed to reintroduce most of the trappings of slavery , several southern states adopted laws that restricted the carrying and ownership of weapons by former slaves .
3360 .
5067 .
A good example occurred when the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , which desegregated public accommodations and prohibited discrimination in employment on the basis of race , was introduced in Congress .
Studies have shown that the number of species present increases as the size of the island increases .
This is known as effortful processing ( [ link ] ) .
2306 .
The free rider problem can be expressed in terms of the prisoner ’s dilemma game , which is discussed as a representation of oligopoly in Monopolistic Competition and Oligopoly . 4617 .
That is , the hot body emits electromagnetic waves that are absorbed by our skin : no medium is required for electromagnetic waves to propagate .
The arrival of both electric lighting and machinery to the region eased the lives of the people who lived there , as well as encouraged industrial growth .
2087 .
They believed personality is largely governed by biology .
930 .
Homologous chromosomes are the same length and have specific nucleotide segments called genes in exactly the same location , or locus .
Such a situation leads to social class reproduction , extensively studied by French sociologist Pierre Bourdieu .
False consciousness is a condition in which the beliefs , ideals , or ideology of a person are not in the person ’s own best interest .
But as output expands still further , the average cost begins to rise .
Maladaptive immune responses toward harmless foreign substances or self antigens that occur after tissue sensitization are termed hypersensitivities .
4097 .
Those who save money ( or make financial investments , which is the same thing ) , whether individuals or businesses , are on the supply side of the financial market .
Denouncing segregation and the denial of the vote to African Americans , he nevertheless maintained that southern states be allowed to pursue racial equality at their own pace and criticized forced integration .
4568 .
As our society becomes increasingly multiethnic and multiracial , mental health professionals must develop cultural competence ( [ link ] ) , which means they must understand and address issues of race , culture , and ethnicity .
( In the body , many endocrine cells are located in endocrine glands , such as the thyroid gland , the hypothalamus , and the pituitary gland . )
4547 .
6875 .
In the early 1960s , many leading economists believed that the problem of the business cycle , and the swings between cyclical unemployment and inflation , were a thing of the past .
126 .
In the 1970s , when velocity as measured by M1 seemed predictable , a number of economists , led by Nobel laureate Milton Friedman ( 1912 – 2006 ) , argued that the best monetary policy was for the central bank to increase the money supply at a constant growth rate .
3809 .
6679 .
1996 .
Hydrogen bonds are also responsible for zipping together the DNA double helix .
5129 .
Midbrain and Hindbrain Structures
3208 .
Another way for carbon to enter the atmosphere is from land ( including land beneath the surface of the ocean ) by the eruption of volcanoes and other geothermal systems .
An antagonist , on the other hand , blocks or impedes the normal activity of a neurotransmitter at the receptor .
Olfactory neurons are bipolar neurons ( neurons with two processes from the cell body ) .
1593 .
However , there are actually two types of particles in the nuclei — the proton and the neutron , referred to collectively as nucleons , the constituents of nuclei .
Critical pressure is the minimum pressure needed for liquid to exist at the critical temperature .
These pressures are particularly acute for the majority party , so named because it controls more than half the seats in one of the two chambers .
Organic solidarity arises out of the mutual interdependence created by the specialization of work .
You feel a smaller drag force when you tilt your hand so only the side goes through the air — you have decreased the area of your hand that faces the direction of motion .
7082 .
As [ link ] shows , the optic chiasm is an X - shaped structure that sits just below the cerebral cortex at the front of the brain .
5162 .
4287 .
1621 .
2992 .
Most bilaterally symmetrical animals have a head ; of these , those that have a cranium compose the clade Craniata .
3719 .
“ Table 5 . Reported Voting and Registration , by Age , Sex , and Educational Attainment : November 2012 , ” https://www.census.gov/hhes/www/socdemo/voting/publications/p20/2012/tables.html ( November 6 , 2015 ) .
Signals within the nerve cells are propagated by fast - moving electrical impulses .
The southern colonies soon became the center of the fighting .
Only near the ends does it begin to weaken and change direction .
678 .
If the net force can be described by Hooke ’s law and there is no damping ( by friction or other non - conservative forces ) , then a simple harmonic oscillator will oscillate with equal displacement on either side of the equilibrium position , as shown for an object on a spring in [ link ] .
Norman : University of Oklahoma Press , 60 – 64 .
One very positive way is crowdsourcing . Thanks to the web , digital crowdsourcing is the process of obtaining needed services , ideas , or content by soliciting contributions from a large group of people , and especially from an online community rather than from traditional employees or suppliers .
CAP binds to the operator sequence upstream of the promoter that initiates transcription of the lac operon .
An elastic demand or elastic supply is one in which the elasticity is greater than one , indicating a high responsiveness to changes in price .
74 .
839 .
The spectra of hydrogen - like ions are similar to hydrogen , but shifted to higher energy by the greater attractive force between the electron and nucleus .
1729 .
The Cambrian Explosion of Animal LifeThe Cambrian period , occurring between approximately 542 – 488 million years ago , marks the most rapid evolution of new animal phyla and animal diversity in Earth ’s history .
2255 .
Indeed , scientists have found genetic linkages to a number of behavioral characteristics , ranging from basic personality traits to sexual orientation to spirituality ( for examples , see Mustanski et al . , 2005 ; Comings , Gonzales , Saucier , Johnson , & MacMurray , 2000 ) .
Although the Y chromosome contains a small region of similarity to the X chromosome so that they can pair during meiosis , the Y chromosome is much shorter and contains many fewer genes .
All the Restoration colonies started as proprietary colonies , that is , the king gave each colony to a trusted individual , family , or group .
By the nature of the enumerated powers provided to the president , it is during wartime that the chief executive is most powerful and Congress least powerful .
2678 .
Cells are broken using a lysis buffer ( a solution which is mostly a detergent ) ; lysis means “ to split . ” These enzymes break apart lipid molecules in the cell membranes and nuclear membranes .
Second , an argument is sometimes made that moderate inflation may help the economy by making wages in labor markets more flexible .
Once a writ of certiorari ( cert .
This characteristic grew , to some extent , out of a desire to protect organizations from nepotism , backroom deals , and other types of favoritism , simultaneously protecting customers and others served by the organization .
297 .
For example , even though bald eagles ( Haliaeetus leucocephalus ) and African fish eagles ( Haliaeetus vocifer ) are both birds and eagles , each belongs to a separate species group ( [ link ] ) .
If a gene is to remain turned off , or silenced , the histone proteins and DNA have different modifications that signal a closed chromosomal configuration .
[ link ] below illustrates how a particle scattering backward from another implies that its target is massive and dense .
In deductive reason , the pattern of thinking moves in the opposite direction as compared to inductive reasoning .
Female cones , or ovulate cones , contain two ovules per scale .
In the G2 phase , the cell replenishes its energy stores and synthesizes proteins necessary for chromosome manipulation .
He called this condition early infantile autism , and it was characterized mainly by an inability to form close emotional ties with others , speech and language abnormalities , repetitive behaviors , and an intolerance of minor changes in the environment and in normal routines ( Bregman , 2005 ) .
Following the twin scandals of Vietnam and Watergate in the early 1970s , Congress attempted to assert itself as a coequal branch , even in creating foreign policy , but could not hold back the trend .
3812 .
The majority of known fungi belong to the Phylum Ascomycota , which is characterized by the formation of an ascus ( plural , asci ) , a sac - like structure that contains haploid ascospores .
These TV channels are called VHF ( for very high frequency ) .
The most familiar structure is the haploid gametophyte , which germinates from a haploid spore and forms first a protonema — usually , a tangle of single - celled filaments that hug the ground .
The chain termination method involves DNA replication of a single - stranded template with the use of a primer and a regular deoxynucleotide ( dNTP ) , which is a monomer , or a single unit , of DNA .
4664 .
Public Law 93 – 638 : Indian Self - Determination and Education Assistance Act , as Amended .
Like angiosperms , they have broad leaves .
Here , the U.S. economy is running a surplus .
She has studied false memories as well as recovered memories of childhood sexual abuse .
6976 .
During his time as governor , from 1901 through 1906 , La Follette introduced the Wisconsin Idea , wherein he hired experts to research and advise him in drafting legislation to improve conditions in his state .
As the polymerase nears the end of the gene being transcribed , it encounters a region rich in C – G nucleotides .
In the United States , many advocates of civil liberties are concerned that laws such as the USA PATRIOT Act ( i.e. , Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act ) , passed weeks after the 9/11 attacks in 2001 , have given the federal government too much power by making it easy for officials to seek and obtain search warrants or , in some cases , to bypass warrant requirements altogether .
1993 .
This method of reproduction is known as apomixis .
Radiation detectors external to the body can determine the location and concentration of a radiopharmaceutical to yield medically useful information .
For present purposes , we might restrict our definition to the relatively broad one in the Lobbying Disclosure Act .
If freely suspended , one pole will point toward the north .
Proteins , called RNA - binding proteins , or RBPs , can bind to the regions of the RNA just upstream or downstream of the protein - coding region .
6678 .
6603 .
A theory is an explanation for patterns in nature that is supported by scientific evidence and verified multiple times by various groups of researchers .
At the individual and firm level , the market economy coordinates a process in which firms seek to produce goods and services in the quantity , quality , and price that people want .
3789 .
For this reason , what we have been calling the AS curve , will from this point on may also be referred to as the short run aggregate supply ( SRAS ) curve .
In exposure therapy , a therapist seeks to treat clients ’ fears or anxiety by presenting them with the object or situation that causes their problem , with the idea that they will eventually get used to it .
The court struck down three of the four central provisions of the Arizona law — namely , those allowing police officers to arrest an undocumented immigrant without a warrant if they had probable cause to think he or she had committed a crime that could lead to deportation , making it a crime to seek a job without proper immigration papers , and making it a crime to be in Arizona without valid immigration papers .
2618 .
2025 .
A variable is any part of the experiment that can vary or change during the experiment .
From a biological perspective , an instinct is a species - specific pattern of behavior that is not learned .
Wages that a firm pays its employees or rent that a firm pays for its office are explicit costs .
Events during a president ’s term may spike his or her public approval ratings .
To help make sure information goes from short - term memory to long - term memory , you can use memory - enhancing strategies .
The same trait can be considered one or the other depending on the particular diagram being used .
The two centrosomes will give rise to the mitotic spindle , the apparatus that orchestrates the movement of chromosomes during mitosis .
This occurred in 1783 when volcanos in Iceland erupted and caused the release of large volumes of sulfuric oxide .
6092 .
This raised enough eyebrows that several key politicians , including Theodore Roosevelt , took note .
1419 .
3596 .
517 .
The ASA maintains a code of ethics — formal guidelines for conducting sociological research — consisting of principles and ethical standards to be used in the discipline .
Labeling theory examines the ascribing of a deviant behavior to another person by members of society .
To share some of the costs , it granted Dutch merchants who invested heavily in it patroonships , or large tracts of land and the right to govern the tenants there .
At the other end of the spectrum is liberal internationalism .
This landmark decision reaffirmed the notion of “ one person , one vote , ” a concept holding that all people ’s votes should be counted equally .
Seed ferns ( [ link ] ) produced their seeds along their branches without specialized structures .
In some cases , the person will exhibit catatonic behaviors , which show decreased reactivity to the environment , such as posturing , in which the person maintains a rigid and bizarre posture for long periods of time , or catatonic stupor , a complete lack of movement and verbal behavior .
In this view , people with money and power — the dominant group — are the ones who make decisions about how the healthcare system will be run .
All of these new programs required bureaucrats to run them , and the national bureaucracy naturally ballooned .
185 .
The system is called positron emission tomography ( PET ) .
1519 .
If hydrogens are present in the same plane , it is referred to as a cis fat ; if the hydrogen atoms are on two different planes , it is referred to as a trans fat .
The cuticle reduces the rate of water loss from the leaf surface .
Based on this case , researchers Latané and Darley ( 1968 ) described a phenomenon called the bystander effect .
His popularity and his ability to be elected four times allowed him to greatly overshadow Congress .
Nongovernmental organizations ( NGOs ) are sometimes formed to support such movements , such as the International Federation of Organic Agriculture Movement ( FOAM ) .
6434 .
Sometimes replications involve additional measures that expand on the original finding .
[ link ] shows a budget constraint that represents Kimberly ’s choice between concert tickets at $ 50 each and getting away overnight to a bed - and - breakfast for $ 200 per night .
Like hydrogen bonds , van der Waals interactions are weak attractions or interactions between molecules .
The observable traits expressed by an organism are referred to as its phenotype .
For example , a teenager who is repeatedly given a label — overachiever , player , bum — might live up to the term even though it initially was n’t a part of his character . Like Berger and Luckmann in their description of habitualization , Thomas states that our moral codes and social norms are created by “ successive definitions of the situation .
4004 .
5203 .
The Hobby Lobby chain of stores sells arts and crafts merchandise at hundreds of stores ; its founder , David Green , is a devout fundamentalist Christian whose beliefs include opposition to abortion and contraception .
This usually happens because both organisms were in common adaptations that evolved within similar environmental conditions .
For many other districts , however , “ deliberate speed ” was very , very slow .
Net consumer productivity is the energy content available to the organisms of the next trophic level .
Couples therapy involves two people in an intimate relationship who are having difficulties and are trying to resolve them ( [ link ] ) .
In a nation ’s financial capital market , the quantity of financial capital supplied at any given time must equal the quantity of financial capital demanded for purposes of making investments .
4367 .
Kamikaze attacks that took place towards the end of the war were regarded as proof of the irrationality of Japanese martial values and mindless loyalty to Emperor Hirohito .
If the AD curve crosses this portion of the SRAS curve at an equilibrium point like Ei , then we might expect unemployment and inflation to move in opposing directions .
Culture has important impacts on individuals and social psychology , yet the effects of culture on psychology are under - studied .
Most lipid hormones are derived from cholesterol and thus are structurally similar to it , as illustrated in [ link ] .
High congruence leads to a greater sense of self - worth and a healthy , productive life . 3917 .
CSF is produced by a tissue called choroid plexus in fluid - filled compartments in the CNS called ventricles .
Fluorescence is defined to be any process in which an atom or molecule , excited by a photon of a given energy , and de - excites by emission of a lower - energy photon . Fluorescence can be induced by many types of energy input .
4135 .
1370 .
Many of the tradeoffs made by government are about freedom of speech .
6064 .
4256 .
Such an object , shown in [ link ] , is called a corner reflector , since the light bounces from its inside corner .
2939 .
Linkage analysis involves studying the recombination frequency between any two genes .
Could semantic encoding be beneficial to you as you attempt to memorize the concepts in this chapter ?
The remaining members of the group were confederates of the researcher .
662 .
They developed the Social Readjustment Rating Scale ( SRRS ) , consisting of 43 life events that require varying degrees of personal readjustment ( Holmes & Rahe , 1967 ) .
When President John Adams signed the Sedition Act in 1798 , which made it a crime to speak openly against the government , the Kentucky and Virginia legislatures passed resolutions declaring the act null on the grounds that they retained the discretion to follow national laws .
5518 .
The maps created by genome mapping are comparable to the maps that we use to navigate streets .
In the decades following the Constitution ’s ratification , the Supreme Court declined to expand the Bill of Rights to curb the power of the states , most notably in the 1833 case of Barron v. Baltimore . Barron v. Baltimore , 32 U.S. 243 ( 1833 ) .
1385 .
1051 .
For example , phenylketonuria ( PKU ) is a condition in which individuals lack an enzyme that normally converts harmful amino acids into harmless byproducts .
John Adams and Thomas Jefferson carried on a lively correspondence regarding the ratification of the Constitution .
Barter — literally trading one good or service for another — is highly inefficient for trying to coordinate the trades in a modern advanced economy .
1539 .
Johnson appeared an ideal choice , because his nomination would bring with it the support of both pro - Southern elements and the War Democrats who rejected the conciliatory stance of the Copperheads , the northern Democrats who opposed the Civil War .
Today , many who do not agree with the positions of the Democratic or the Republican Party have organized themselves into an oppositional group dubbed the Tea Party ( [ link ] ) .
Put another way , it means that as one variable increases so does the other , and conversely , when one variable decreases so does the other .
Lincoln wanted someone who could deliver a decisive Union victory .
2149 .
When this happens , the enzyme is inhibited through competitive inhibition , because an inhibitor molecule competes with the substrate for active site binding ( [ link ] ) .
3513 .
And commuting times and distances have continued to increase as new suburbs developed farther and farther from city centers .
1404 .
Roosevelt won the election with almost 58 percent of the popular vote and 472 Electoral College votes , compared to incumbent Herbert Hoover ’s 59 .
The fovea contains densely packed specialized photoreceptor cells ( [ link ] ) .
If a firm in a perfectly competitive market raises the price of its product by so much as a penny , it will lose all of its sales to competitors .
An instrumental leader is one who is goal - oriented and largely concerned with accomplishing set tasks .
The thoracic cage encloses and protects the organs of the thoracic cavity , including the heart and lungs .
4716 .
As a matter of historical accuracy , just as Jean - Baptiste Say never wrote down anything as simpleminded as Say ’s law , John Maynard Keynes never wrote down Keynes ’ law , but the law is a useful simplification that conveys a certain point of view .
These observations lead to the following definition of heat : Heat is the spontaneous transfer of energy due to a temperature difference .
347 .
However , members of each faction quickly realized that they had a vested interest not only in nominating and electing a president who shared their views , but also in winning other elections .
4522 .
The cnidarians perform extracellular digestion in which the food is taken into the gastrovascular cavity , enzymes are secreted into the cavity , and the cells lining the cavity absorb nutrients .
Freud made distinctions between the manifest content and the latent content of dreams .
The kinetic theory of gases , on the other hand , is a model in which a gas is viewed as being composed of atoms and molecules .
Political socialization is the process by which we are trained to understand and join a country ’s political world , and , like most forms of socialization , it starts when we are very young .
Two groups , the Sons of Liberty and the Daughters of Liberty , led the popular resistance to the Stamp Act .
In 1979 , an exemption was granted to get - out - the vote and grassroots voter registration drives , creating what has become known as the soft - money loophole ; soft money was a way in which interests could spend money on behalf of candidates without being restricted by federal law .
The combined result of Treg cells is to prevent immunologic activation and inflammation in undesired tissue compartments and to allow the immune system to focus on pathogens instead .
Organizations like Rock the Vote and Project Vote Smart ( [ link ] ) work alongside MTV to increase voter turnout in all age groups across the United States .
4770 . Who buys all of this production ?
915 .
3523 .
4084 .
4627 .
504 .
2311 .
4817 .
( Note that in most calculations , we will use the Pythagorean theorem to determine this length .
In the gay marriage movement , a call to action might encourage you to vote “ no ” on Proposition 8 in California ( a move to limit marriage to male - female couples ) , or conversely , to contact your local congressperson to express your viewpoint that marriage should be restricted to male - female couples .
1749 .
The Impending Crisis , 1848 – 1861 . New York : Harper & Row , 45 .
6349 .
Price is what the producer receives for selling one unit of a good or service .
Sarbanes - Oxley was designed to increase confidence in financial information provided by public corporations to protect investors from accounting fraud .
The name Nematoda is derived from the Greek word “ Nemos , ” which means “ thread ” and includes roundworms .
Renin ( secreted by a part of the juxtaglomerular complex ) is produced by the granular cells of the afferent and efferent arterioles .
In Fisher v. University of Texas ( 2013 , known as Fisher I ) , University of Texas student Abigail Fisher brought suit to declare UT ’s race - based admissions policy as inconsistent with Grutter .
Instead of focusing on the facts and a product ’s quality , the peripheral route relies on association with positive characteristics such as positive emotions and celebrity endorsement .
“ If only you knew more economics , you would not be so irrational , ” is what many mainstream economists seem to be saying .
For example , points A and B sit on the same indifference curve Um , which means that they provide Lilly with the same level of utility .
Classic sociological theories are still considered important and current , but new sociological theories build upon the work of their predecessors and add to them ( Calhoun 2002 ) .
3855 .
Similarly , in Congress , an earmark is a mark in a bill that directs some of the bill ’s funds to be spent on specific projects or for specific tax exemptions .
Newton ’s first law is often called the law of inertia .
Technetium - 99 m can be attached to many compounds to allow the imaging of the skeleton , heart , lungs , kidneys , etc .
“ Interest Groups in the States . ” In Politics in the American States .
Interior to the tympanum is the middle ear .
They are not introns ( those have been removed in the nucleus ) .
The ruling ended a nearly sixty - year period in which the court had used a broad interpretation of the commerce clause that by the 1960s allowed it to regulate numerous local commercial activities .
The first three articles divide the national government into three branches — Congress , the executive branch , and the federal judiciary — and describe the powers and responsibilities of each .
Genetic maps provide the big picture ( similar to a map of interstate highways ) and use genetic markers ( similar to landmarks ) .
The more society grows and the need for government services expands , the more challenging bureaucratic management and public administration becomes .
The myocardium consists of the heart muscle cells that make up the middle layer and the bulk of the heart wall .
A savings account typically pays some interest rate , but getting the money typically requires you to make a trip to the bank or an automatic teller machine ( or you can access the funds electronically ) .
3375 .
Nuclear energy comes from processes that convert measurable amounts of mass into energy .
Even short waterways , such as the two - and - a - half - mile canal going around the rapids of the Ohio River near Louisville , Kentucky , proved a huge leap forward , in this case by opening a water route from Pittsburgh to New Orleans .
6083 .
For their discoveries , Zeeman and Lorentz shared the 1902 Nobel Prize in Physics .
Reformers proposed the solution of putting the executive branch in charge of developing a budget that could be scrutinized , amended , and approved by Congress .
The consequences for violating this norm are severe and usually result in expulsion .
Alexander Hamilton , writing as Publius in Federalist No . 84 , argued that the Constitution was “ merely intended to regulate the general political interests of the nation , ” rather than to concern itself with “ the regulation of every species of personal and private concerns . ”
Aggression takes two forms depending on one ’s motives : hostile or instrumental .
It would not become the law of the land until all thirteen states had approved it .
The balance of trade is a separate issue from the level of trade .
Weber ’s analysis of modern society centered on the concept of rationalization .
An often overlooked category is corporate crime , or crime committed by white - collar workers in a business environment .
1280 .
115 .
4412 .
Pivot joints consist of the rounded end of one bone fitting into a ring formed by the other bone .
Political philosopher Herbert Spencer took Darwin ’s theory of evolution further , coining the actual phrase “ survival of the fittest , ” and later helping to popularize the phrase social Darwinism to posit that society evolved much like a natural organism , wherein some individuals will succeed due to racially and ethnically inherent traits , and their ability to adapt .
1552 .
5395 .
6672 .
Mycetismus describes the ingestion of preformed toxins in poisonous mushrooms .
476 .
2460 .
Hamilton went on to argue that listing some rights might actually be dangerous , because it would provide a pretext for people to claim that rights not included in such a list were not protected .
In placental mammals , the acrosome contains digestive enzymes that initiate the degradation of the glycoprotein matrix protecting the egg and allowing the sperm plasma membrane to fuse with the egg plasma membrane , as illustrated in [ link ] b .
Critics have argued that the Patriot Act has largely been used to prosecute ordinary criminals , in particular drug dealers , rather than terrorists as intended .
The device receives incoming sound information and directly stimulates the auditory nerve to transmit information to the brain .
Due to consistently low turnout among the young , several organizations have made special efforts to demonstrate to younger citizens that voting is an important activity .
Since then , Congress has attempted on several occasions to propose constitutional amendments allowing the states and federal government to re - criminalize flag desecration — to no avail .
A more extreme , and in many instances , more controversial solution to the perceived and real inefficiencies in the bureaucracy is privatization .
A nonprofit watchdog organization , called Citizens against Government Waste , produces an annual report , the Pig Book that attempts to quantify the amount of pork - barrel spending , focusing on items that were requested by only one member of Congress , that were passed into law without any public hearings , or that serve only a local purpose .
Enveloped viruses also have two ways of entering cells after binding to their receptors : receptor - mediated endocytosis , or fusion .
The Clery Act of 1990 , formally the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act , requires public and private colleges and universities that participate in federal student aid programs to disclose information about campus crime .
1479 .
497 .
In Federalist No. 10 , written in the late eighteenth century , James Madison noted that the formation of self - interested groups , which he called factions , was inevitable in any society , as individuals started to work together to protect themselves from the government .
In Lochner v. New York , the Supreme Court ruled this state regulation that capped work hours unconstitutional , on the grounds that it violated the due process clause of the Fourteenth Amendment . Lochner v. New York , 198 U.S. 45 ( 1905 ) .
The toddler reacts to the parent the same way she reacts to a stranger .
1035 .
Heritability is the fraction of phenotype variation that can be attributed to genetic differences , or genetic variance , among individuals in a population .
210 .
5749 .
On average , this volume is around one - half liter , which is a little less than the capacity of a 20-ounce drink bottle .
6750 .
Proteomic approaches are being used to improve screening and early detection of cancer ; this is achieved by identifying proteins whose expression is affected by the disease process .
1036 .
Pollution is a negative externality .
Insulin is produced by the pancreas in response to rising blood glucose levels and allows cells to utilize blood glucose and store excess glucose for later use .
5863 .
This test goes back to the New York Times v. Sullivan ( 1964 ) case , in which a police commissioner in Alabama sued over inaccurate statements in a newspaper advertisement . New York Times Co. v. Sullivan , 376 U.S. 254 ( 1964 ) .
979 .
4353 .
In 1791 , these first ten amendments were added to the Constitution and became known as the Bill of Rights .
The first three articles divide the national government into three branches — Congress , the executive branch , and the federal judiciary — and describe the powers and responsibilities of each .
In the early 1900s , a New York physician named Dr. Ignatz Nascher coined the term geriatrics , a medical specialty that focuses on the elderly .
4119 .
Another phenomenon of group conformity is groupthink .
George W. Bush ’s public approval rating jumped from 51 percent on September 10 , 2001 , to 86 percent by September 15 following the 9/11 attacks .
An early and popular “ reform ” to slavery was colonization , or a movement advocating the displacement of African Americans out of the country , usually to Africa .
1996 .
Resources are primarily time and money , and the more of both , the greater the power of organized movements .
1720 .
4957 .
This surface tension is similar to the surface tension of water at the liquid - air interface of a water droplet that results in the bonding of the water molecules together .
2339 .
1351 .
For an arbitrary time , not just a multiple of the half - life , the exponential relationship must be used . Radioactive dating is a clever use of naturally occurring radioactivity .
Methadone clinics help people who previously struggled with opioid addiction manage withdrawal symptoms through the use of methadone .
Manifestations of heat transfer — the movement of heat energy from one place or material to another — are apparent throughout the universe .
But when stress exceeds this optimal level , it is no longer a positive force — it becomes excessive and debilitating , or what Selye termed distress ( from the Latin dis = “ bad ” ) .
During germination , the two cotyledons therefore act as absorptive organs to take up the enzymatically released food reserves , much like in monocots ( monocots , by definition , also have endospermic seeds ) .
Fertilization can be timed with environmental or food conditions that are optimal for offspring survival .
An economy with high unemployment is like a company operating with a functional but unused factory .
574 .
They cover rocks , gravestones , tree bark , and the ground in the tundra where plant roots can not penetrate .
5168 .
That is , people ’s behavior can be determined by their subjective construction of reality rather than by objective reality .
Accurate information is sometimes not available because corporate governance , the name economists give to the institutions that are supposed to watch over top executives , fails , as the following Clear It Up feature on Lehman Brothers shows . How did lack of corporate governance lead to the Lehman Brothers failure ?
159 .
4339 .
3662 .
These rates of increase were clearly not sustainable .
While most ferns form large leaves and branching roots , the whisk ferns , Class Psilotopsida , lack both roots and leaves , probably lost by reduction .
Gender refers to behaviors , personal traits , and social positions that society attributes to being female or male .
There is a risk that psychological theories and data derived from white , American settings could be assumed to apply to individuals and social groups from other cultures and this is unlikely to be true ( Betancourt & López , 1993 ) .
For example , in 1962 , Rachel Carson published Silent Spring , a book exposing the dangers posed by pesticides such as DDT .
State courts really are the core of the U.S. judicial system , and they are responsible for a huge area of law .
1995 .
A mutation is a sudden , permanent change in a gene .
The male gametangium ( antheridium ) releases sperm .
1359 .
The term minority connotes discrimination , and in its sociological use , the term subordinate group can be used interchangeably with the term minority , while the term dominant group is often substituted for the group that ’s in the majority .
267 .
An inertial frame of reference is a reference frame in which a body at rest remains at rest and a body in motion moves at a constant speed in a straight line unless acted on by an outside force .
1537 .
6217 .
173 .
A prosthetic group is a non - protein molecule required for the activity of a protein .
In the last two decades , there has been rapid improvement in the spread of technology to peripheral and semi - peripheral nations , and a 2008 World Bank report discusses both the benefits and ongoing challenges of this diffusion .
The Communications Act of 1934 ended the FRC and created the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) , which continued to work with radio stations to assign frequencies and set national standards , as well as oversee other forms of broadcasting and telephones .
Gastrin stimulates the release of stomach acid , or hydrochloric acid ( HCl ) which aids in the digestion of the proteins .
The federal government has used mandates increasingly since the 1960s to promote national objectives in policy areas such as the environment , civil rights , education , and homeland security .
The released nutrients are absorbed by the leaves , which reopen for the next meal .
The hormone that initiates the signaling pathway is called a first messenger , which activates a second messenger in the cytoplasm , as illustrated in [ link ] .
The skull consists of 22 bones , which are divided into two categories : cranial bones and facial bones .
1198 .
Hovland demonstrated that certain features of the source of a persuasive message , the content of the message , and the characteristics of the audience will influence the persuasiveness of a message ( Hovland , Janis , & Kelley , 1953 ) .
Spain , with its New World wealth , was the bastion of the Catholic faith .
Synapsids also include therapsids , which were mammal - like reptiles from which mammals evolved .
Radiation hybrid mapping uses radiation , such as x - rays , to break the DNA into fragments .
For example , a song may be made up of individual notes played by different instruments , but the real nature of the song is perceived in the combinations of these notes as they form the melody , rhythm , and harmony .
5890 .
All quarks have half - integral spin and are thus fermions .
Sociologists use empirical data and the scientific method , or an interpretative framework , to increase understanding of societies and social interactions , but research begins with the search for an answer to a question .
We want our researcher to be inconspicuous — perhaps standing at one of the sinks pretending to put in contact lenses while secretly recording the relevant information .
We have seen that in an elastic collision , internal kinetic energy is conserved .
3356 .
1007 .
2960 .
As a result of these mounting concerns , Congress passed the Hatch Act of 1939 — or the Political Activities Act .
Chicago : University of Chicago Press .
This pact removed trade barriers and other transaction costs levied on goods moving between the United States , Mexico , and Canada .
4092 .
Intellectual property rights include patents , which give the inventor the exclusive legal right to make , use , or sell the invention for a limited time , and copyright laws , which give the author an exclusive legal right over works of literature , music , film / video , and pictures .
552 .
A soft peg is the name for an exchange rate policy where the government usually allows the exchange rate to be set by the market , but in some cases , especially if the exchange rate seems to be moving rapidly in one direction , the central bank will intervene in the market .
1635 .
These γγ rays have identical 0.511 - Me V energies ( the energy comes from the destruction of an electron or positron mass ) and they move directly away from one another , allowing detectors to determine their point of origin accurately , as shown in [ link ] .
Kohlberg believed that moral development , like cognitive development , follows a series of stages .
The miRNAs are made in the nucleus as longer pre - miRNAs .
If a state has more stringent requirements , such as not having a felony conviction , citizens counted in the VEP must meet those criteria as well .
One example of the pressure these firms can exert on one another is the kinked demand curve , in which competing oligopoly firms commit to match price cuts , but not price increases .
2386 .
5799 .
Kimberly will again consider the utility and marginal utility that she receives from concert tickets and overnight getaways and seek her utility - maximizing choice on the new budget line .
In contrast , people from a collectivistic culture , that is , a culture that focuses on communal relationships with others , such as family , friends , and community ( [ link ] ) , are less likely to commit the fundamental attribution error ( Markus & Kitayama , 1991 ; Triandis , 2001 ) .
For an explanation of how high market concentrations can create inefficiencies in an economy , refer to Monopoly . Say that the market for replacing broken automobile windshields in a certain city has 18 firms with the market shares shown in [ link ] , where the market share is each firm ’s proportion of total sales in that market .
Chemical fuel can also produce electrical energy , such as in batteries .
A potentiometer is a null measurement device for measuring potentials ( voltages ) .
For Hamilton , the establishment of the Bank of the United States was fully within Congress ’s authority , and he hoped the bank would foster economic development , print and circulate paper money , and provide loans to the government .
When there is no trade in the United States , the equilibrium price of sugar is 24 cents per pound and the equilibrium quantity is 80 tons . 5224 .
3927 .
It was transformed into modern physics by revolutionary discoveries made starting at the beginning of the 20th century .
4173 .
5694 .
4334 .
6710 .
4965 .
657 .
3306 .
Other bacteria and archaea are adapted to grow under extreme conditions and are called extremophiles , meaning “ lovers of extremes . ” Extremophiles have been found in all kinds of environments : the depth of the oceans , hot springs , the Artic and the Antarctic , in very dry places , deep inside Earth , in harsh chemical environments , and in high radiation environments ( [ link ] ) , just to mention a few .
In stems , the xylem and the phloem form a structure called a vascular bundle ; in roots , this is termed the vascular stele or vascular cylinder .
Arising from the tutelage of ancient Greek thinkers , centuries of scholars have examined topics through formalized methods of learning .
The city council performs legislative functions and the mayor the executive functions .
Deference was the practice of showing respect for individuals who had distinguished themselves through military accomplishments , educational attainment , business success , or family pedigree .
To avoid integration , Faubus closed four high schools in Little Rock the following school year . Jason Sokol .
Our formal study of physics begins with kinematics which is defined as the study of motion without considering its causes .
Based on the size and mass of the nucleus revealed by his experiment , as well as the mass of electrons , Rutherford proposed the planetary model of the atom .
As a daughter or son , you occupy a different status than as a neighbor or employee .
The fungal partner can belong to the Ascomycota , Basidiomycota or Zygomycota .
At this convention , she made the acquaintance of another American female abolitionist , Lucretia Mott ( [ link ] ) , who was also appalled by the male reformers ’ treatment of women . Elizabeth Cady Stanton .
In [ link ] ( a ) , the deadweight loss is the area U + W .
Diversity training educates participants about cultural differences with the goal of improving teamwork .
The pineal gland , an endocrine structure located inside the brain that releases melatonin , is thought to be involved in the regulation of various biological rhythms and of the immune system during sleep ( Hardeland , Pandi - Perumal , & Cardinali , 2006 ) .
2272 .
The other sperm fuses with the 2n polar nuclei , forming a triploid cell that will develop into the endosperm , which is tissue that serves as a food reserve .
Longer wavelengths will have lower frequencies , and shorter wavelengths will have higher frequencies ( [ link ] ) .
311 .
2256 .
In studying 350 pairs of twins , including pairs of identical and fraternal twins reared together and apart , researchers found that identical twins , whether raised together or apart , have very similar personalities ( Bouchard , 1994 ; Bouchard , Lykken , McGue , Segal , & Tellegen , 1990 ; Segal , 2012 ) .
Another area that seems illogical is the idea of mental accounting , or putting dollars in different mental categories where they take different values .
The site of transduction is in the organ of Corti ( spiral organ ) .
960 .
Begin by assuming that the market for wholesale flowers is perfectly competitive , and so P = MC .
Importantly , these differences must have some genetic basis ; otherwise , the selection will not lead to change in the next generation .
1098 .
Meristematic tissue cells are either undifferentiated or incompletely differentiated , and they continue to divide and contribute to the growth of the plant .
6662 .
1546 .
6351 .
As we move into stage 2 sleep , the body goes into a state of deep relaxation .
A solution with low osmolarity has a greater number of water molecules relative to the number of solute particles ; a solution with high osmolarity has fewer water molecules with respect to solute particles .
Hypothyroidism , underproduction of the thyroid hormones , can cause a low metabolic rate leading to weight gain , sensitivity to cold , and reduced mental activity , among other symptoms .
The DSM-5 lists two general categories of mood disorders .
How do scientists construct phylogenetic trees ?
Instead , the law governing the Federal Reserve requires it to take both unemployment and inflation into account . Economists have no final consensus on whether a central bank should be required to focus only on inflation or should have greater discretion .
FMN , which is derived from vitamin B2 , also called riboflavin , is one of several prosthetic groups or co - factors in the electron transport chain .
First , unemployment statistics do not take into account underemployment , a state in which a person accepts a lower paying , lower status job than their education and experience qualifies them to perform .
The DSM-5 also provides information about comorbidity ; the co - occurrence of two disorders .
The balance of trade is the relationship between a country ’s inflow and outflow of goods .
According to Cooley , we base our image on what we think other people see ( Cooley 1902 ) .
3145 .
The greenhouse effect is a natural phenomenon responsible for providing temperatures suitable for life on Earth .
Later , however , as president himself , Lincoln used presidential war powers and the concepts of military necessity and national security to undermine the Confederate effort to seek independence for the Southern states .
Such species use most of their resource budget during a single reproductive event , sacrificing their health to the point that they do not survive .
2676 .
Douglas portrayed the Republican Party as an abolitionist effort — one that aimed to bring about miscegenation , or race - mixing through sexual relations or marriage .
Native Americans who accepted these allotments and agreed to sever tribal ties were also given U.S. citizenship .
In this section , we explore characteristic x rays and some of their important applications .
6276 .
277 .
It is more difficult to correlate timbre perception to physical quantities than it is for loudness or pitch perception .
Amalgamation , also known as miscegenation , is achieved through intermarriage between races .
These gaps are called nodes of Ranvier and are sites where the signal is “ recharged ” as it travels along the axon .
1931 .
6380 .
These factors are also important to understanding how a specific population will grow .
The new consumer surplus is G , and the new producer surplus is H + I .
A plasmodesma is a channel between the cell walls of two adjacent plant cells .
This pattern was illustrated earlier in [ link].In the middle portion of the long - run average cost curve , the flat portion of the curve around Q3 , economies of scale have been exhausted .
3708 .
339 .
3978 .
498 .
In 1992 , Clinton won 45 percent of women ’s votes compared to Bush ’s 38 percent , and in 1996 , he received 54 percent of women ’s votes while Dole won 38 percent .
Questionnaires can also ask more complex questions with more complex answers — beyond “ yes , ” “ no , ” or the option next to a checkbox .
4459 .
235 .
If an object moves straight up from the body , starting at the escape velocity , it will just be able to escape the gravity of the body .
1122 .
Decades later , researchers found that those who earlier had indicated the highest levels of anger were over 6 times more likely than those who indicated less anger to have had a heart attack by age 55 , and they were 3.5 times more likely to have experienced heart disease by the same age ( Chang , Ford , Meoni , Wang , & Klag , 2002 ) .
Into the early twentieth century , written work was frequently banned as being obscene , including works by noted authors such as James Joyce and Henry Miller , although today it is rare for the courts to uphold obscenity charges for written material alone . 6111 .
Perhaps not surprisingly , those who held this view of the Spanish were Spain ’s imperial rivals .
1021 .
Furthermore , both behaviorism and the cognitive revolution have shaped clinical practice in the forms of behavioral therapy , cognitive therapy , and cognitive - behavioral therapy ( [ link ] ) .
Sternberg says that analytical intelligence is demonstrated by an ability to analyze , evaluate , judge , compare , and contrast .
Sickle - cell anemia is just one of many genetic disorders caused by the pairing of two recessive genes .
In other words , rather than limiting the power of the federal government in any meaningful way , it simply restates what is made obvious elsewhere in the Constitution : the federal government has both enumerated and implied powers , but where the federal government does not ( or chooses not to ) exercise power , the states may do so .
Some mutations are not expressed ; these are known as silent mutations .
4539 .
But just how low is voter turnout ?
4800 .
However , in 2008 , in a narrow 5 – 4 decision on District of Columbia v. Heller , the Supreme Court found that at least some gun control laws did violate the Second Amendment and that this amendment does protect an individual ’s right to keep and bear arms , at least in some circumstances — in particular , “ for traditionally lawful purposes , such as self - defense within the home . ”
In contrast , middle- and low - income countries like Brazil , Nigeria , India , and China have lower environmental standards .
The popularity of The Daily Show and The Colbert Report demonstrate that news , even political news , can win young viewers if delivered well .
In June 2009 , Stephen Colbert of The Colbert Report took his soft news show on the road , heading to Iraq for a week .
5958 .
However , sponges exhibit a range of diversity in body forms , including variations in the size of the spongocoel , the number of osculi , and where the cells that filter food from the water are located .
257 .
Other viruses induce hypoplasia , or decreased cell growth , in the leaves of plants , causing thin , yellow areas to appear .
A refugee is defined as an individual who has been forced to leave his or her country in order to escape war , persecution , or natural disaster , while asylum - seekers are those whose claim to refugee status has not been validated .
The labor market , however , presents some prominent examples of price floors , which are often used as an attempt to increase the wages of low - paid workers .
2988 .
The Republican emphasis on free labor , rather than slave labor , also influenced the 1862 Land Grant College Act , commonly known as the Morrill Act after its author , Vermont Republican senator Justin Smith Morrill .
Financial intermediaries include other institutions in the financial market such as insurance companies and pension funds , but they will not be included in this discussion because they are not considered to be depository institutions , which are institutions that accept money deposits and then use these to make loans .
6835 .
For a case on appeal , you can tell which party lost at the lower level of court by looking at the case name : The party unhappy with the decision of the lower court is the one bringing the appeal and is thus the petitioner , or the first - named party in the case .
When one firm purchases another , it is called an acquisition .
3891 .
The ability to identify a stimulus when it is embedded in a distracting background is called signal detection theory .
3192 .
Heat transfer by radiation occurs when microwaves , infrared radiation , visible light , or another form of electromagnetic radiation is emitted or absorbed .
Caste systems correlate with high status consistency , whereas the more flexible class system has lower status consistency .
The Cherokee Nation and the Trail of Tears .
4818 .
94 .
Coase pointed out that this issue can not be resolved until property rights are clearly defined — that is , the legal rights of ownership on which others are not allowed to infringe without paying compensation .
4752 .
One mechanism known to cause LTD also involves AMPA receptors .
6242 .
This can cause the accumulation of adipose tissue in the face and neck , and excessive glucose in the blood .
4518 .
Sutural bones are small , flat , irregularly shaped bones .
Note that the distance between two positions is not the same as the distance traveled between them .
Historians have described this lack of strict enforcement of the Navigation Acts as salutary neglect .
6142 .
In a polar covalent bond , shown in [ link ] , the electrons are unequally shared by the atoms and are attracted more to one nucleus than the other .
Ray
Absence or low levels of vitamins can have a dramatic effect on health , as outlined in [ link ] and [ link ] .
5882 .
More divergent rays from a close object are converged on the retina for a clear image .
6274 .
For the United States , this is the Congress and the executive branch , which originates the federal budget .
Here we see two neutral metal spheres in contact with one another but insulated from the rest of the world . 2944 .
Negative sanctions are punishments for violating norms .
863 .
The party had one real goal — to oppose the extension of slavery into the territories ( [ link ] ) .
1570 .
Imports are the goods and services that are produced abroad and then sold domestically .
Firms often make decisions that involve spending money in the present and expecting to earn profits in the future .
The Rorschach Inkblot Test was developed in 1921 by a Swiss psychologist named Hermann Rorschach ( pronounced “ ROAR - shock ” ) .
As Latino immigration to the United States increased in the late twentieth and early twenty - first centuries , discrimination also increased in many places .
This focus on the individual component of interaction reflects a symbolic interactionist perspective . For Turner and Killian , the process begins when individuals suddenly find themselves in a new situation , or when an existing situation suddenly becomes strange or unfamiliar .
323 .
When a country can produce a good at a lower opportunity cost than another country , we say that this country has a comparative advantage in that good .
( See [ link ] . )
3971 .
3181 .
The response of plants to light is mediated by different photoreceptors , which are comprised of a protein covalently bonded to a light - absorbing pigment called a chromophore .
These cycles occur concurrently and are coordinated over a 22–32 day cycle , with an average length of 28 days .
The phase change from solid to gas is called sublimation .
Stereotypes become overgeneralized and applied to all members of a group .
In a hypotonic situation , the extracellular fluid has lower osmolarity than the fluid inside the cell , and water enters the cell .
4230 .
They also created a system of checks and balances by giving each of three branches of government the power to restrict the actions of the others , thus requiring them to work together .
With a hard peg exchange rate policy , the central bank sets a fixed and unchanging value for the exchange rate .
3792 .
2760 .
Sigmund Freud ( 1856 – 1939 ) believed that personality develops during early childhood .
In 1918 , the proposed Nineteenth Amendment to the Constitution , extending the right to vote to all adult female citizens of the United States , was passed by both houses of Congress and sent to the states for ratification .
Synapsids include all mammals , including extinct mammalian species .
Like the individualistic culture , the traditionalistic culture believes in the importance of the individual .
As a result , Congress attempted to restrain the power of the presidency by proposing the Twenty - Second Amendment to the Constitution , which limited a president to only two full terms in office . David M. Jordan .
These efforts may include avoiding , minimizing , or distancing oneself from the problem , or positive comparisons with others ( “ I ’m not as bad off as she is ” ) , or seeking something positive in a negative event ( “ Now that I ’ve been fired , I can sleep in for a few days ” ) .
2 that union had been the goal of Americans since the time of the Revolution .
The bill never passed , but other presidents have also been accused of trying similar moves at different courts in the federal system .
4 : 1065 – 1085 .
Yelberton ’s choice involves comparing the utility of present consumption during his working life and future consumption after retirement .
With a hard peg exchange rate policy , the central bank sets a fixed and unchanging value for the exchange rate .
By chance , some individuals will have more offspring than others — not due to an advantage conferred by some genetically - encoded trait , but just because one male happened to be in the right place at the right time ( when the receptive female walked by ) or because the other one happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time ( when a fox was hunting ) .
( filamentous bacteria interacting with actinorhizal plants such as alder , bayberry , and sweet fern ) .
3198 .
3966 .
2282 .
This Negro nationalism , as some referred to it , proposed that African Americans had a distinct and separate national heritage that should inspire pride and a sense of community .
Fruits generally have three parts : the exocarp ( the outermost skin or covering ) , the mesocarp ( middle part of the fruit ) , and the endocarp ( the inner part of the fruit ) .
The updated version of the instrument is the Contemporized - Themes Concerning Blacks Test ( C - TCB ) ( Williams , 1972 ) .
572 .
Selye ’s definition of stress is response - based in that it conceptualizes stress chiefly in terms of the body ’s physiological reaction to any demand that is placed on it .
Indeed , Hamilton asked rhetorically , would American citizens best be served by a representative “ whose observation does not travel beyond the circle of his neighbors and his acquaintances ” or by someone with more extensive knowledge of the world ?
464 .
2379 .
[ link ] presents an alternative way of showing inequality data in what is called a Lorenz curve .
6190 .
What a buyer pays for a unit of the specific good or service is called price .
When certain events , feelings , or yearnings cause an individual anxiety , the individual wishes to reduce that anxiety .
The Haversian canal ( osteonic canal ) contains the bone ’s blood vessels and nerve fibers ( [ link ] ) .
Any homeostatic process that changes the direction of the stimulus is a negative feedback loop .
This can be caused by low levels of insulin production by the beta cells of the pancreas , or by reduced sensitivity of tissue cells to insulin .
This process of cell division is called mitosis .
“ Hippies ” rejected the conventions of traditional society .
Before the ratification of the Constitution , the state governments ’ power far exceeded that held by the national government .
Relative poverty is a state of living where people can afford necessities but are unable to meet their society ’s average standard of living .
The intertidal sea star , Pisaster ochraceus , of the northwestern United States is a keystone species ( [ link ] ) .
1294 .
2008 .
3530 .
Brain waves during REM sleep appear very similar to brain waves during wakefulness .
978 .
The problem of a good - looking nominal interest rate being transformed into an ugly - looking real interest rate can be worsened by taxes .
Medicaid and the food stamp program are examples of categorical grants .
6688 .
There are two types of monopoly , based on the types of barriers to entry they exploit .
2729 .
Elected officials are regularly frustrated when bureaucrats seem not follow the path they intended .
6788 .
Light rays only appear to originate at a virtual image ; they do not actually pass through that location in space .
For instance , fertilization of an abnormal diploid egg with a normal haploid sperm would yield a triploid zygote .
In addition to these expressed powers , the national government was given implied powers that , while not clearly stated , are inferred .
For example , insects use wings to fly like bats and birds , but the wing structure and embryonic origin is completely different .
Feynman was one of the theorists who developed the field of quantum electrodynamics ( QED ) , which is the quantum mechanics of electromagnetism .
The U.S. government strongly encouraged the formation of unions during the early 1940s in the belief that unions would help to coordinate the all - out production efforts needed during World War II .
In the early part of the 20th century , Cannon was the first to identify the body ’s physiological reactions to stress .
Sometimes these changes are induced by environmental disturbances such as volcanoes , earthquakes , storms , fires , and climate change .
At some points in the discussion that follows , it will be useful to refer to real GDP as “ national income . ”
6891 .
This motion is called a random walk and is illustrated in [ link ] .
3795 .
The walls of the seminiferous tubules are made up of the developing sperm cells , with the least developed sperm at the periphery of the tubule and the fully developed sperm in the lumen .
The mantle ( also known as the pallium ) is the dorsal epidermis in mollusks ; shelled mollusks are specialized to secrete a chitinous and hard calcareous shell .
First , interest groups may take the form of membership organizations , which individuals join voluntarily and to which they usually pay dues .
Later dubbed the Monroe Doctrine , this declaration of principles laid the foundation for the growth of American power in the twentieth century .
It depends on whether funding comes from international financial investors .
3236 .
Many contend that our society and even our healthcare institutions discriminate against certain diseases — like mental disorders , AIDS , venereal diseases , and skin disorders ( Sartorius 2007 ) .
We might even describe consciousness as a continuum that ranges from full awareness to a deep sleep .
Transpiration is the loss of water from the plant through evaporation at the leaf surface .
The Progressives sought to correct the many problems that had arisen as the United States transformed itself from a rural , agricultural nation into an increasingly urbanized , industrialized country dominated by big business interests .
4906 .
Between these two membrane layers is a non - living , jelly - like mesoglea connective layer .
For example , in Town of Greece v. Galloway ( 2014 ) , a majority of the justices decided that ceremonial prayer before a town meeting was not a violation of the Establishment Clause .
In partrilineal societies , such as those in rural China and India , only males carry on the family surname .
5493 .
Unlike Kinsey , who used personal interviews and surveys to collect data , Masters and Johnson observed people having intercourse in a variety of positions , and they observed people masturbating , manually or with the aid of a device .
3579 .
One of the first differences among the delegates to become clear was between those from large states , such as New York and Virginia , and those who represented small states , like Delaware .
The labia majora are a pair of elongated folds of tissue that run posterior from the mons pubis and enclose the other components of the vulva .
The plasma membrane of human red blood cells is 30 percent lipid .
Not only does the extracellular matrix hold the cells together to form a tissue , but it also allows the cells within the tissue to communicate with each other .
The Balmer series requires that n f = 2 n f = 2 size 12 { n rSub { size 8 { f } } = 2 } { } .
6460 .
This continuously synthesized strand is known as the leading strand .
He then collected and grew the seeds from the F1 plants to produce the F2 , or second filial , generation .
2472 .
Biological factors such as molecular and cellular changes are called primary aging , while aging that occurs due to controllable factors such as lack of physical exercise and poor diet is called secondary aging ( Whitbourne and Whitbourne 2010 ) .
At this point , you should have firmly in mind the main goals of macroeconomics from Welcome to Economics !
This is because they are hydrocarbons that include mostly nonpolar carbon – carbon or carbon – hydrogen bonds .
2189 .
Just as the United States ' wealth is increasingly concentrated among its richest citizens while the middle class slowly disappears , global inequality is concentrating resources in certain nations and is significantly affecting the opportunities of individuals in poorer and less powerful countries .
Like fats , they are composed of fatty acid chains attached to a glycerol or sphingosine backbone .
The blending theory of inheritance asserted that the original parental traits were lost or absorbed by the blending in the offspring , but we now know that this is not the case .
These goods are often produced collectively , and because they may not be profitable and everyone may not agree on what public goods are best for society , they are often underfunded and thus will be underproduced unless there is government involvement .
Bone may also be resorbed for remodeling , if the applied stresses have changed .
3005 .
2721 .
Car engines and steam turbines that generate electricity are examples of heat engines .
According to the United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity , biotechnology is “ any technological application that uses biological systems , living organisms , or derivatives thereof , to make or modify products or processes for specific use .
To curtail widespread anticompetitive practices in the railroad industry , Congress passed the Interstate Commerce Act in 1887 , which created the Interstate Commerce Commission .
The membranes of the body ( such as the pleural , serous , and cell membranes ) are semi - permeable membranes .
Water also has a high heat of vaporization , the amount of energy required to change one gram of a liquid substance to a gas .
1741 .
3269 .
The Van de Graaff ( named after the Dutch physicist ) , which you have likely seen in physics demonstrations , is a small version of the ones used for nuclear research since their invention for that purpose in 1932 .
It is important that the original job analysis play a role in performance appraisal as well as any goals that have been set by the employee or by the employee and supervisor .
Microphylls may have originated from the flattening of lateral branches , or from sporangia that lost their reproductive capabilities .
2023 .
Although individuals suffering from night terrors appear to be awake , they generally have no memories of the events that occurred , and attempts to console them are ineffective .
Brumation is similar to hibernation in that the animal becomes less active and can go for long periods without eating , but differs from hibernation in that brumating reptiles are not asleep or living off fat reserves .
The couple may be dating , partnered , engaged , or married .
Located in the neck , the thyroid gland releases hormones that regulate growth , metabolism , and appetite .
Next , the blastula undergoes further cell division and cellular rearrangement during a process called gastrulation .
The amino acids are absorbed into the bloodstream through the small intestines .
6033 .
These findings suggest the heritability of some personality traits .
In 1967 that reality began to change with Cicely Saunders , who created the first modern hospice in England .
States deep in debt were printing increasingly worthless paper currency , many were mired in interstate trade battles with each other , and in western Massachusetts , a small group of Revolutionary War veterans angry over the prospect of losing their farms broke into armed open revolt against the state , in what came to be known as Shays ’ Rebellion .
The DNA - histone complex is called chromatin .
6890 .
Art Connection
These conceptualizations are referred to as response - based definitions because they describe stress as a response to environmental conditions .
4969 .
Voltages between pairs of electrodes placed on the chest are vector components of the voltage wave on the heart .
1323 .
2251 .
“ Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act of 2002 , ” http://www.fec.gov/pages/bcra/bcra_update.shtml ( May 15 , 2016 ) ; Greg Scott and Gary Mullen , “ Thirty Year Report , ” September 2005 , http://www.fec.gov/info/publications/30year.pdf ( May 15 , 2016 ) .
Sometimes being in a group situation can improve performance .
The stomach of birds has two chambers : the proventriculus , where gastric juices are produced to digest the food before it enters the stomach , and the gizzard , where the food is stored , soaked , and mechanically ground .
The Thirteenth Amendment abolished slavery in the United States .
4355 .
Some insects have a specialized sac , called a spermatheca , which stores sperm for later use , sometimes up to a year .
As the anti - Lincoln poster below illustrates , his enemies tried to paint him as an untrustworthy and suspect leader ( [ link ] ) .
The relaxation response technique combines relaxation with transcendental meditation , and consists of four components ( Stein , 2001 ) :
2437 .
Dedicated to upholding even authoritarian governments in foreign countries to keep them safe from Soviet influence , he was also desperate to put to rest Vietnam Syndrome , the reluctance to use military force in foreign countries for fear of embarrassing defeat , which had influenced U.S. foreign policy since the mid- 1970s .
2544 .
However , congressional efforts to convert Aid to Families with Dependent Children ( AFDC ) to a block grant succeeded .
It found that the public ’s liberal ( or non - liberal ) mood had an effect , causing presidents to pursue and file briefs in different cases . Stimson et al , “ Dynamic Representation . ” But another author found that the public ’s level of liberalness is ignored when conservative presidents , such as Ronald Reagan or George W. Bush , are elected and try to lead .
Some axons are covered with myelin , which acts as an insulator to minimize dissipation of the electrical signal as it travels down the axon , greatly increasing the speed on conduction .
A zero economic profit means the firm ’s accounting profit is equal to what its resources could earn in their next best use .
This digital divide has led to the second form , a knowledge gap , which is , as it sounds , an ongoing and increasing gap in information for those who have less access to technology .
Sharks have well - developed sense organs that aid them in locating prey , including a keen sense of smell and electroreception , with the latter perhaps the most sensitive of any animal .
This polymerase transcribes a variety of structural RNAs that includes the 5S pre - rRNA , transfer pre - RNAs ( pre - tRNAs ) , and small nuclear pre - RNAs .
Olfactory receptor cells are located in a mucous membrane at the top of the nose .
This drive was actually an extension of the earlier military conflict between Christians and Muslims for domination of the Holy Land ( the Biblical region of Palestine ) , known as the Crusades .
Crossing over can be observed visually after the exchange as chiasmata ( singular = chiasma ) ( [ link]).In species such as humans , even though the X and Y sex chromosomes are not homologous ( most of their genes differ ) , they have a small region of homology that allows the X and Y chromosomes to pair up during prophase I .
4208 .
Lipases are a class of enzymes that can break down triglycerides .
Hagfishes are entirely marine and are found in oceans around the world , except for the polar regions .
Nixon , however , refused to hand the tapes over and cited executive privilege , the right of the president to refuse certain subpoenas .
3094 .
The amount of water vapor in the air depends on temperature .
By early September , the Electoral College had emerged as the way to select a president for four years who was eligible for reelection .
For water waves , the disturbance is in the surface of the water , perhaps created by a rock thrown into a pond or by a swimmer splashing the surface repeatedly .
In August 2014 , there were seventy - five verified supercentenarians worldwide — seventy - three women and two men .
Understanding the sources of a phenotypic variation in a population is important for determining how a population will evolve in response to different evolutionary pressures .
When ionic compounds are added to water , the individual ions react with the polar regions of the water molecules and their ionic bonds are disrupted in the process of dissociation .
When two lineages stem from the same branch point , they are called sister taxa .
3829 .
Ronald Reagan ’s from 1981 to 1988 was 52.8 percent , despite his winning all but thirteen electoral votes in his reelection bid .
Food reserves are stored in the large endosperm .
1142 .
The first two waves of inflation are easy to characterize in historical terms : they are right after World War I and World War II .
Stock represents ownership of a firm ; that is , a person who owns 100 % of a company ’s stock , by definition , owns the entire company .
As a consequence , the economy experiences inflation .
455 .
Nader , a longtime consumer activist concerned with environmental issues and social justice , attracted many votes from people who usually voted for Democratic candidates .
In fact , there is enough energy when things are pushed to even smaller distances to transform the , and Z0 Z0 size 12 { Z rSup { size 8 { 0 } } } { } into massless carrier particles more similar to photons and gluons .
These estate and gift taxes collected about 0.2 % of GDP in the first decade of the 2000s .
A corporate bond is issued by firms , but bonds are also issued by various levels of government .
6452 .
The insulation used to conserve the body heat comes in the forms of fur , fat , or feathers .
5031 .
The study of the changes in ecosystem structure caused by changes in the environment ( disturbances ) or by internal forces is called ecosystem dynamics .
A macrostate is an overall property of a system .
This equilibrium state is referred to as the climax community , which will remain stable until the next disturbance .
The alternative to Say ’s law , with its emphasis on supply , can be named Keynes ’ law : “ Demand creates its own supply . ”
An adult with a BMI of 30 or higher is considered obese ( Centers for Disease Control and Prevention [ CDC ] , 2012 ) .
Quorum sensing uses autoinducers as signaling molecules .
5787 .
This was the first significant evidence that the movement of charges had any connection with magnets .
The mercantilist policies by which it tried to achieve this control are known as the Navigation Acts .
6257 .
Here the cells in the blastula arrange themselves in two layers : the inner cell mass , and an outer layer called the trophoblast .
58 .
Many in the Senate thought the Iran deal should have been completed as a treaty rather than as a sole executive agreement .
The vesicle containing the ingested particle , the phagosome , then fuses with a lysosome containing hydrolytic enzymes to produce a phagolysosome , and the food particle is broken down into small molecules that can diffuse into the cytoplasm and be used in cellular metabolism .
More specifically , the papers were compiled at the request of Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara and provided a study of U.S. political and military involvement in Vietnam from 1945 to 1967 .
Neil Smelser ’s ( 1962 ) meticulous categorization of crowd behavior , called value - added theory , is a perspective within the functionalist tradition based on the idea that several conditions must be in place for collective behavior to occur .
People often comply with the request because they are concerned about a consequence if they do not comply .
However , sound and radio waves are completely different phenomena .
He wrote of equal rights and demanded that blacks be treated as equal to whites .
2012 .
Its electron configuration is 1s22s1 .
The 2015 Unfunded Mandates and Information Transparency Act , HR 50 , passed the House early in 2015 before being referred to the Senate , where it waits committee consideration . U.S .
The two main types of nucleic acids are deoxyribonucleic acid ( DNA ) and ribonucleic acid ( RNA ) .
The reasons for their opposition were varied : Some felt that empire building went against the principles of democracy and freedom upon which the country was founded , some worried about competition from foreign workers , and some held the xenophobic viewpoint that the assimilation of other races would hurt the country .
Peripheral proteins are found on the exterior and interior surfaces of membranes , attached either to integral proteins or to phospholipids .
The pupil is the small opening in the eye through which light passes , and the size of the pupil can change as a function of light levels as well as emotional arousal .
3738 .
Blood supports growth by distributing nutrients and hormones , and by removing waste .
In behavior therapy , a therapist employs principles of learning to help clients change undesirable behaviors — rather than digging deeply into one ’s unconscious .
One typical way that economists define efficiency is when it is impossible to improve the situation of one party without imposing a cost on another .
According to Piaget , young infants do not remember an object after it has been removed from sight .
The Federalist faction , led by Alexander Hamilton , largely dominated the government in the years immediately after the Constitution was ratified .
Exact replicas of the standard kilogram are also kept at the United States ’ National Institute of Standards and Technology , or NIST , located in Gaithersburg , Maryland outside of Washington D.C. , and at other locations around the world .
Conduction is heat transfer through stationary matter by physical contact .
During the administrations of Presidents Richard Nixon ( 1969 – 1974 ) and Ronald Reagan ( 1981 – 1989 ) , attempts were made to reverse the process of nationalization — that is , to restore states ’ prominence in policy areas into which the federal government had moved in the past .
Scientists call these synonymous parts homologous structures .
Federal and state governments run a number of insurance programs .
His initial focus was on depression and how a client ’s self - defeating attitude served to maintain a depression despite positive factors in her life ( Beck , Rush , Shaw , & Emery , 1979 ) ( [ link ] ) .
During telophase , the “ distance phase , ” the chromosomes reach the opposite poles and begin to decondense ( unravel ) , relaxing into a chromatin configuration .
We can determine the BE of a nucleus from its rest mass .
This is also known as the law of inertia .
6069 .
5120 .
It is impossible to study one without the other .
Everyone in Europe ’s feudal society had a job to do and worked hard .
So far , the hydrocarbons we have discussed have been aliphatic hydrocarbons , which consist of linear chains of carbon atoms .
Instead , proper representation for some is rooted in the racial , ethnic , socioeconomic , gender , and sexual identity of the representatives themselves .
After all , neoclassical economists argue , it takes government statisticians months to produce even preliminary estimates of GDP so that politicians know whether a recession is occurring — and those preliminary estimates may be revised substantially later .
It is possible to determine the approximate distance between genetic markers using cytogenetic mapping , but not the exact distance ( number of base pairs ) .
Investment expenditure refers to purchases of physical plant and equipment , primarily by businesses .
The labeling with which symbolic interactionists concern themselves extends to the very degrees that symbolize completion of education .
A darkly staining area within the nucleus called the nucleolus ( plural = nucleoli ) aggregates the ribosomal RNA with associated proteins to assemble the ribosomal subunits that are then transported out through the pores in the nuclear envelope to the cytoplasm .
Some soils have no dominant particle size and contain a mixture of sand , silt , and humus ; these soils are called loams .
5130 .
Because it is all or none , the action potential is recreated , or propagated , at its full strength at every point along the axon .
But Madison believed limiting these factions was worse than facing the evils they might produce , because such limitations would violate individual freedoms .
Unemployment insurance : Employers in every state pay a small amount for unemployment insurance , which goes into a fund that is used to pay benefits to workers for a period of time , usually six months , after they lose their jobs .
After the price ceiling is imposed , the new consumer surplus is T + V , while the new producer surplus is X . 5301 .
There is still quite a bit of uncertainty about the origins of the New World monkeys .
Umami is actually a Japanese word that roughly translates to yummy , and it is associated with a taste for monosodium glutamate ( Kinnamon & Vandenbeuch , 2009 ) .
2840 .
5449 .
For example , an organism needs to regulate body temperature through a process known as thermoregulation .
Traditional conservatism supports the authority of the monarchy and the church , believing government provides the rule of law and maintains a society that is safe and organized .
5646 .
In 2012 , Kromann and Nielson reported on a case study of a 40-year - old woman who suffered significant ill effects from her use of caffeine .
2026 .
3271 .
Jacqueline Jones .
In this case , which dealt with property rights under the Fifth Amendment , the Supreme Court unanimously decided that the Bill of Rights applied only to actions by the federal government .
A similar attempt to spur the world economy , known as the Hoover Moratorium , likewise met with great opposition and little economic benefit .
1513 .
4239 .
6610 .
Several still exist today .
6583 .
Diarthroses are joints that allow for free movement of the joint , as in synovial joints .
The aim of hospice is to help provide a death with dignity and pain management in a humane and comfortable environment , which is usually outside of a hospital setting .
In one , a neuron works with a sensory receptor , a cell , or cell process that is specialized to engage with and detect a specific stimulus .
Rather than being a single disturbance , debate about immigration policy has ebbed and flowed in recent years , creating what might best be described as a series of minor disturbances .
Tonicity describes how an extracellular solution can change the volume of a cell by affecting osmosis .
In 1976 , journalist Barbara Walters became the first female coanchor on a network news show , The ABC Evening News .
Not coincidentally , the flexible cords that carry muscle forces to other parts of the body are called tendons .
A credit union is a nonprofit financial institution that its members own and run .
One proposed group of WIMPs would have masses several orders of magnitude greater than nucleons and are sometimes called neutralinos .
Permissive parents make few demands and rarely use punishment .
941 .
A photon interacts as a unit in collisions or when absorbed , rather than as an extensive wave .
Hagel was eventually confirmed by a 58 – 41 vote .
6783 .
4504 .
3727 .
For many years it was defined as 1 / 86,400 of a mean solar day .
Because externalities that occur in market transactions affect other parties beyond those involved , they are sometimes called spillovers . Externalities can be negative or positive .
The second portion of the mitotic phase , called cytokinesis , is the physical separation of the cytoplasmic components into the two daughter cells . Link to Learning
Speaking to a racially mixed audience , Washington called upon African Americans to work diligently for their own uplift and prosperity rather than preoccupy themselves with political and civil rights .
Random samples are preferred because if the sample is large enough we can be reasonably sure that the participating individuals are representative of the larger population .
This type of adhesion is called capillary action , and is illustrated in [ link ] .
If the issue is important enough to voters , as in the case of gun control or abortion rights , an office holder may feel his or her job will be in jeopardy if he or she too closely follows the party line , even if that means disagreeing with the executive .
The third part of the renal tubule is called the distal convoluted tubule ( DCT ) and this part is also restricted to the renal cortex .
Within the pelagic realm is the photic zone , which is the portion of the ocean that light can penetrate ( approximately 200 m or 650 ft ) .
It employs the doctors , nurses , and other staff , and it owns and runs the hospitals ( Klein 2009 ) .
43 .
C .
It is believed that most of the animal phyla in existence today had their origins during this time , often referred to as the Cambrian explosion ( [ link ] ) .
The gallbladder is a small organ that aids the liver by storing bile and concentrating bile salts .
More recently , the study of personality has taken on a more quantitative approach .
6553 .
Republican Dwight D. Eisenhower reportedly called his nomination of Earl Warren as chief justice — in an era that saw substantial broadening of civil and criminal rights — “ the biggest damn fool mistake ” he had ever made .
Food irradiation is the treatment of food with ionizing radiation .
By the 18th century , people who were considered odd and unusual were placed in asylums ( [ link ] ) .
While these may sound like drastic changes , gender dysphoric individuals take these steps because their bodies seem to them to be a mistake of nature , and they seek to correct this mistake .
The primary form of relief for working - class urban Americans , and particularly immigrants , came in the form of machine politics .
In the early 1600s , wealthy English merchants and the landed elite began to pool their resources to form joint stock companies .
Clinton ’s victory was partly due to a significant gender gap between the parties , with women tending to favor Democratic candidates .
In June 1933 , Roosevelt replaced the Emergency Banking Act with the more permanent Glass - Steagall Banking Act .
By 2015 , for example , thirty - eight states required some form of parental involvement in a minor ’s decision to have an abortion , forty - six states allowed individual health - care providers to refuse to participate in abortions , and thirty - two states prohibited the use of public funds to carry out an abortion except when the woman ’s life is in danger or the pregnancy is the result of rape or incest .
They are , for example , a component of electromagnetic radiation generated by thermal agitation .
3172 .
2381 .
6701 .
Just as influential as antiwar protests and campus violence in turning people against the war was the publication of documents the media dubbed the Pentagon Papers in June 1971 .
2377 .
This pattern of tracing kinship is called bilateral descent .
This makes diplomacy and international coordination an ongoing bargain as issues evolve and governmental leaders and nations change .
Movement of the limbs inward after abduction is an example of adduction .
The base year , by definition , has an index number equal to 100 .
The fox has a 57 - day gestation .
A contractionary monetary policy will raise interest rates , discourage borrowing for investment and consumption spending , and cause the original demand curve ( AD0 ) to shift left to AD1 , so that the new equilibrium ( E1 ) occurs at the potential GDP level of 700.These examples suggest that monetary policy should be countercyclical ; that is , it should act to counterbalance the business cycles of economic downturns and upswings .
1874 .
4590 .
2348 .
5676 .
The long - chain fatty acids and monoglycerides recombine in the absorptive cells to form triglycerides , which aggregate into globules and become coated with proteins .
457 .
The exchange of DNA between homologous pairs of chromosomes is called genetic recombination , which occurs by the crossing over of DNA between homologous strands of DNA , such as nonsister chromatids .
These include Congress ’s sole power to introduce legislation , the Senate ’s final say on many presidential nominations and treaties signed by the president , and the House ’s ability to impeach or formally accuse the president or other federal officials of wrongdoing ( the first step in removing the person from office ; the second step , trial and removal , takes place in the U.S. Senate ) .
A Reconsideration of Public Ignorance of the High Court . ” Journal of Politics 71 ( 2 ) : 429 – 441 .
Consider the case Miranda v. Arizona .
There are two dimensions to this stratification : gaps between nations and gaps within nations .
6169 .
Although individual humans ( and all diploid organisms ) can only have two alleles for a given gene , multiple alleles may exist at the population level such that many combinations of two alleles are observed .
7043 .
5181 .
An example of an oncogene involved in cancer is a protein called myc .
Soils can be divided into two groups : organic soils are those that are formed from sedimentation and primarily composed of organic matter , while those that are formed from the weathering of rocks and are primarily composed of inorganic material are called mineral soils .
4209 .
He told New Yorkers , the country , and the world that Americans could hear the frustration and anguish of New York , and that the terrorists would soon hear the United States ( [ link ] ) .
Paraphyletic groups are those in which not all members are descendants of a single common ancestor .
The data also illustrate that nobody can claim to have perfect standards of living .
Public administration is both the implementation of public policy in government bureaucracies and the academic study that prepares civil servants for work in those organizations .
A scalar is any quantity that has a magnitude , but no direction .
If you hate country music , then having it waft into your house every night would be a negative externality .
In order for a memory to go into storage ( i.e. , long - term memory ) , it has to pass through three distinct stages : Sensory Memory , Short - Term Memory , and finally Long - Term Memory .
Beyond having a sense of control and establishing social support networks , there are numerous other means by which we can manage stress ( [ link ] ) .
840 .
Gerrymandering is the manipulation of legislative district boundaries as a way of favoring a particular candidate .
Photosynthesis is the series of reactions that use carbon dioxide , water , and light energy to make glucose and oxygen .
For a constant cost industry , whenever there is an increase in market demand and price , then the supply curve shifts to the right with new firms ’ entry and stops at the point where the new long - run equilibrium intersects at the same market price as before .
233 .
These conventions are the definition of a media circus at which high - ranking politicians , party elites , and sometimes celebrities , such as actor / director Clint Eastwood ( [ link ] ) , along with individuals many consider to be the future leaders of the party are brought before the public so the party can make its best case for being the one to direct the future of the country .
4272 .
The disease has decimated bat populations and threatens extinction of species already listed as endangered : the Indiana bat , Myotis sodalis , and potentially the Virginia big - eared bat , Corynorhinus townsendii virginianus . 0 .
The list of the various types of electromagnetic waves , ranging from radio transmission waves to nuclear gamma - ray ( γγ size 12{g } { } -ray ) emissions , is interesting in itself .
142 .
This point has not been lost on Speaker of the House Paul Ryan ( R - WI ) , former chair of the House Budget Committee and the House Ways and Means Committee , who has tried multiple times but without success to convert Medicaid into a block grant , a reform he estimates could save the federal government upwards of $ 732 billion over ten years .
2344 .
Hippocrates theorized that personality traits and human behaviors are based on four separate temperaments associated with four fluids ( “ humors ” ) of the body : choleric temperament ( yellow bile from the liver ) , melancholic temperament ( black bile from the kidneys ) , sanguine temperament ( red blood from the heart ) , and phlegmatic temperament ( white phlegm from the lungs ) ( Clark & Watson , 2008 ; Eysenck & Eysenck , 1985 ; Lecci & Magnavita , 2013 ; Noga , 2007 ) .
452 .
The two discussed a policy of détente , a relaxation of tensions between their nations , and signed the Strategic Arms Limitation Treaty ( SALT ) , which limited each side to deploying only two antiballistic missile systems .
The physiological mechanisms of stress are extremely complex , but they generally involve the work of two systems — the sympathetic nervous system and the hypothalamic - pituitary - adrenal ( HPA ) axis .
Therapists also practice what Rogers called unconditional positive regard , which involves not judging clients and simply accepting them for who they are .
For example , the act prohibited contact between members of Congress and lobbyists who were the spouses of other Congress members .
2425 .
Keynesians , with their concern about whether consumers can really stimulate demand , prefer progressive taxes systems that increase the effective tax rate as the taxpayer ’s income increases .
And as representatives of their constituents , they are charged with addressing those constituents ’ interests .
The range of photon energies for visible light from red to violet is 1.63 to 3.26 eV , respectively ( left for this chapter ’s Problems and Exercises to verify ) .
Most bilaterally symmetrical animals have a head ; of these , those that have a cranium compose the clade Craniata .
The fMRI provides more detailed images of the brain ’s structure , as well as better accuracy in time , than is possible in PET scans ( [ link ] ) .
Often , our behavior , attitudes , and beliefs are affected when we experience a threat to our self - esteem or positive self - image .
Gene targeting is the use of recombinant DNA vectors to alter the expression of a particular gene , either by introducing mutations in a gene , or by eliminating the expression of a certain gene by deleting a part or all of the gene sequence from the genome of an organism .
Protraction and retraction can be seen in the movement of the mandible as the jaw is thrust outwards and then back inwards .
The kinematics of rotational motion describes the relationships among rotation angle , angular velocity , angular acceleration , and time .
3711 .
Third , it allowed for the creation of the United States Civil Service Commission ( CSC ) , which was charged with enforcing the elements of the law . United States Civil Service Commission .
6275 .
Another example involved Texas governor Rick Perry touring California in 2014 in order to bring prospective businesses from the Golden State to Texas .
Congress drafted a Declaration of Causes explaining the colonies ’ reasons for rebellion .
Marginal cost is the additional cost of producing one more unit of output .
Spores are haploid cells that can produce a haploid organism or can fuse with another spore to form a diploid cell .
568 .
The definition of ecotourism is a little vague .
6846 .
Deuterostomes undergo radial cleavage , where the cleavage axes are either parallel or perpendicular to the polar axis , resulting in the alignment of the cells between the two poles .
These costs of changing prices are called menu costs — like the costs of printing up a new set of menus with different prices in a restaurant .
On the other hand , public interest groups attempt to promote public , or collective , goods .
1422 .
The story of the HCERA , which expanded and improved some provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ( ACA ) , also known as Obamacare , is a complicated tale of insider politics in which the Democratic Party was able to enact sweeping health care and higher education reforms over fierce Republican opposition ( [ link ] ) .
The last layer is the pia mater ( Latin for “ soft mother ” ) , which directly contacts and covers the brain and spinal cord like plastic wrap .
These costs of changing prices are called menu costs — like the costs of printing up a new set of menus with different prices in a restaurant .
For example , in the United States , the minimum wage is $ 7.25 per hour ; a typical wage in many low - income countries might be more like $ 7.25 per day , or often much less .
A child at this stage thinks that everyone sees , thinks , and feels just as they do .
Therefore , although the light - independent reactions do not use light as a reactant , they require the products of the light - dependent reactions to function . 303 .
A phylogenetic tree is composed of nodes and branches .
Public relations is not a neutral information form .
Some bacteria have an outer capsule outside the cell wall .
Having a monopoly or a near - monopoly is not necessarily illegal in and of itself , but in cases where one company controls a great deal of the market , antitrust regulators look at any allegations of restrictive practices with special care .
Water can enter into the spongocoel from numerous pores in the body wall .
These animals do not possess antennae .
In the brain , the hypothalamus , which lies above the pituitary gland , is a main center of homeostasis .
1178 .
The bracts are known as microsporophylls ( [ link ] ) and are the sites where microspores will develop .
2586 .
Flynn himself argues , however , that increased IQ scores do not necessarily mean that younger generations are more intelligent per se ( Flynn , Shaughnessy , & Fulgham , 2012 ) .
A bar graph uses the height of different bars to compare quantities .
Washington , DC : CQ Press , 105 – 131 .
In somewhat of a countervailing trend in the general election stage of the process , by the presidential election of 1824 , many states were using popular elections to choose their electors .
2309 .
432 .
4595 .
Viruses may also contain additional proteins , such as enzymes .
At a given frequency , it is possible to discern differences of about 1 dB , and a change of 3 dB is easily noticed .
1363 .
The filament supports the anther , where the microspores are produced by meiosis and develop into pollen grains .
In its most common application , the laser printer receives output from a computer , and it can achieve high - quality output because of the precision with which laser light can be controlled .
Most crimes and criminal activity , such as robbery , rape , and murder , are violations of state laws , and cases are thus heard by state courts .
A product whose demand rises when income rises , and vice versa , is called a normal good .
( This change from phosphoglucose to phosphofructose allows the eventual split of the sugar into two three - carbon molecules .
Symbols — such as gestures , signs , objects , signals , and words — help people understand that world .
The term “ cross - price ” refers to the idea that the price of one good is affecting the quantity demanded of a different good .
5499 .
Tax cuts for individuals will tend to increase consumption demand , while tax increases will tend to diminish it .
3255 .
133 .
While different cultures have varying systems of symbols , one symbol is common to all : language .
Fungi are mostly saprobes ( saprophyte is an equivalent term ) : organisms that derive nutrients from decaying organic matter .
4253 .
Atoms and molecules inside all objects are in random motion .
6087 .
3705 .
3334 .
Black Power meant a variety of things .
3018 .
See John R. Chavez .
Bush ’s refusal to gloat or declare victory helped him maintain the relationship with Gorbachev that Reagan had established .
Until then most scholars had thought of federalism as a layer cake , but according to Grodzins the 1930s ushered in “ marble - cake federalism ” ( [ link ] ) : “
When plants viruses are transferred between different plants , this is known as horizontal transmission , and when they are inherited from a parent , this is called vertical transmission .
Gauge pressure is positive for pressures above atmospheric pressure , and negative for pressures below it .
Some researchers suggest that altruism operates on empathy .
Cells in contact with a support surface contract , whereas cells on the opposite side of the support expand ( [ link ] ) .
A horizon is a soil layer with distinct physical and chemical properties that differ from those of other layers .
3303 .
Alan Clendenning , “ Court : Cheney Is Wyoming Resident , ” ABC News , 7 December 2000 , http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/story?id=122289&page=1 ( May 1 , 2016 ) .
Even with the new laws and the FEC , money continued to flow into elections .
Some forms of psychotherapy , such as cognitive - behavioral therapy , can help sufferers of insomnia .
Ohm ’s law ( like Hooke ’s law ) is not universally valid .
In England , opponents of James II ’s efforts to create a centralized Catholic state were known as Whigs .
As you have learned in this chapter , personality is shaped by both genetic and environmental factors .
The dermal tissue of the stem consists primarily of epidermis , a single layer of cells covering and protecting the underlying tissue .
In 1994 , the U.S. military adopted the policy of “ Do n’t ask , do n’t tell . ”
In what became typical , a sudden disorderly rush of prospectors descended upon a new discovery site , followed by the arrival of those who hoped to benefit from the strike by preying off the newly rich .
They used the putting - out system , which the British had employed at the beginning of their own Industrial Revolution , whereby they hired farming families to perform specific tasks in the production process for a set wage .
And President Bill Clinton , whose White House pollsters were infamous for polling on everything , sometimes ignored the public if circumstances warranted . Paul Bedard .
It called for greater participation in the democratic process by ordinary people , advocated civil disobedience , and rejected the anti - Communist position held by most other groups committed to social reform in the United States .
Veins are blood vessels that bring blood back to the heart .
Associated Press .
The main purpose of the heart is to pump blood through the body ; it does so in a repeating sequence called the cardiac cycle .
Many people were deeply troubled by the revelations of Edward Snowden ( [ link ] ) that U.S. government agencies are conducting widespread surveillance , capturing not only the conversations of foreign leaders and suspected terrorists but also the private communications of U.S. citizens , even those not suspected of criminal activity .
Even the mistakes that children sometimes make provide evidence of just how much they understand about those rules .
Efficiency wage theory argues that the productivity of workers depends on their pay , and so employers will often find it worthwhile to pay their employees somewhat more than market conditions might dictate .
We know that all nuclei have less mass than the sum of the masses of the protons and neutrons that form them .
These banks ( and a few other firms ) , known as dealers , then trade the foreign exchange .
Regulation may occur when the DNA is uncoiled and loosened from nucleosomes to bind transcription factors ( epigenetic level ) , when the RNA is transcribed ( transcriptional level ) , when the RNA is processed and exported to the cytoplasm after it is transcribed ( post - transcriptional level ) , when the RNA is translated into protein ( translational level ) , or after the protein has been made ( post - translational level ) .
However , at the same time , it overturned restrictions on expenditures by candidates and their families , as well as total expenditures by campaigns .
Capital flight refers to the movement ( flight ) of capital from one nation to another , as when General Motors automotive company closed U.S. factories in Michigan and opened factories in Mexico .
And while field research looks for correlation , its small sample size does not allow for establishing a causal relationship between two variables .
6500 .
It is not entirely clear how greater energy input could translate into more species .
If aggregate demand rises rapidly in the neoclassical model , in the long run it leads only to inflationary pressures .
4921 .
As a group , the forams exhibit porous shells , called tests that are built from various organic materials and typically hardened with calcium carbonate .
Family therapy is a special form of group therapy , consisting of one or more families .
For example , the person who claims to be Jesus Christ , or who claims to have knowledge going back 5,000 years , or who claims to be a great philosopher is experiencing grandiose delusions .
This depolarization is called an excitatory postsynaptic potential ( EPSP ) and makes the postsynaptic neuron more likely to fire an action potential .
James theorized that behavior was driven by a number of instincts , which aid survival ( [ link ] ) .
Furthermore , experimentation has shown that if two systems , A and B , are in thermal equilibrium with each another , and B is in thermal equilibrium with a third system C , then A is also in thermal equilibrium with C .
The resulting compound is called acetyl CoA .
4048 .
Above the basilar membrane is the tectorial membrane .
In ovoviparity , fertilized eggs are retained in the female , but the embryo obtains its nourishment from the egg ’s yolk and the young are fully developed when they are hatched .
Wealth was passed from generation to generation through primogeniture , a law stating that all property would be inherited by the firstborn son .
The adrenal glands sit atop our kidneys and secrete hormones involved in the stress response , such as epinephrine ( adrenaline ) and norepinephrine ( noradrenaline ) .
2079 .
What the original researchers found was that any change in a variable , such as lighting levels , led to an improvement in productivity ; this was true even when the change was negative , such as a return to poor lighting .
Similarly , sensible businesses and consumers may be reluctant to borrow substantial amounts of money in a recession , because they recognize that firms ’ sales and employees ’ jobs are more insecure in a recession , and they do not want to face the need to make interest payments .
In this example , the marginal revenue and marginal cost curves cross at a price of $ 4 and a quantity of 80 produced .
99mTc99mTc .
576 .
Workers in countries like China , Thailand , Brazil , South Africa , and Poland are often paid less than the United States minimum wage .
Other times , we find illusory correlations based on the information that comes most easily to mind , even if that information is severely limited .
Increased thermal motion at higher temperature can disrupt and randomize the orientation and the size of the domains .
President Obama threatened to use the Labor Management Relations Act of 1947 — commonly known as the Taft - Hartley Act — where a court can impose an 80 - day “ cooling - off period ” in order to allow time for negotiations to proceed without the threat of a work stoppage .
6982 .
Subsequent mining in Arizona and Montana yielded copper , and , while it lacked the glamour of gold , these deposits created huge wealth for those who exploited them , particularly with the advent of copper wiring for the delivery of electricity and telegraph communication .
2168 .
This occurs due to the low blood pressure and high osmotic pressure in the peritubular capillaries .
If nurses ’ salaries in Minneapolis - St . Paul - Bloomington are higher than in other cities , more nurses will move to Minneapolis - St . Paul - Bloomington to find jobs , more people will be willing to train as nurses , and those currently trained as nurses will be more likely to pursue nursing as a full - time job .
The Supreme Court upheld the separate but equal doctrine in 1896 in Plessy v. Ferguson , consistent with the Fourteenth Amendment ’s equal protection clause , and allowed segregation to continue .
2388 .
As long as the firm is earning positive economic profits , new competitors will continue to enter the market , reducing the original firm ’s demand and marginal revenue curves .
Annelids show protostomic development in embryonic stages and are often called “ segmented worms ” due to their key characteristic of metamerism , or true segmentation .
2034 .
6599 .
People have the right not to give evidence in court or to law enforcement officers that might constitute an admission of guilt or responsibility for a crime .
Many enzymes do n’t work optimally , or even at all , unless bound to other specific non - protein helper molecules , either temporarily through ionic or hydrogen bonds or permanently through stronger covalent bonds .
His pupils dilate , his heart rate and blood pressure increase , his bladder relaxes , his liver releases glucose , and adrenaline surges into his bloodstream .
Oregon ’s example offers a possible solution to a recurring problem for states — maintaining accurate voter registration rolls .
During prophase , the “ first phase , ” the nuclear envelope starts to dissociate into small vesicles , and the membranous organelles ( such as the Golgi complex or Golgi apparatus , and endoplasmic reticulum ) , fragment and disperse toward the periphery of the cell .
Individuals who wish to become practicing clinical psychologists have another option for earning a doctoral degree , which is known as a PsyD .
4949 .
3947 .
6584 .
6505 .
These powers are known as reserved powers ( [ link ] ) .
4903 .
( Recall that the chapter
As such , sensation and perception research is also quite interdisciplinary .
This kind of good is called a public good .
44 .
The lens is attached to muscles that can change its shape to aid in focusing light that is reflected from near or far objects .
Durkheim called the communal beliefs , morals , and attitudes of a society the collective conscience .
Despite agreeing that this chemical attack on the Damascan suburbs was a war crime , the public was against U.S. involvement .
Other viruses cause long - term chronic infections , such as the virus causing hepatitis C , whereas others , like herpes simplex virus , only cause intermittent symptoms .
Organs are present not only in animals but also in plants .
1477 .
The HHI , as it is often called , is calculated by summing the squares of the market share of each firm in the industry , as the following Work it Out shows .
1193 .
4831 .
In deuterostomes , internal pockets of the endodermal lining called the archenteron fuse to form the coelom .
For example , palmitic acid , a saturated fatty acid , is derived from the palm tree .
Respiratory systems vary depending on the group of arthropod : insects and myriapods use a series of tubes ( tracheae ) that branch through the body , open to the outside through openings called spiracles , and perform gas exchange directly between the cells and air in the tracheae , whereas aquatic crustaceans utilize gills , terrestrial chelicerates employ book lungs , and aquatic chelicerates use book gills ( [ link ] ) .
In fact , recent years have seen a trend in international trade called splitting up the value chain .
Crimes are usually labeled felonies or misdemeanors based on their nature and seriousness ; felonies are the more serious crimes .
If possible , we should use a random sample ( there are other types of samples , but for the purposes of this chapter , we will focus on random samples ) .
During the second phase , megagametogenesis , the surviving haploid megaspore undergoes mitosis to produce an eight - nucleate , seven - cell female gametophyte , also known as the megagametophyte or embryo sac .
3695 .
Our intuitive definition of force — that is , a push or a pull — is a good place to start .
Paleobotanists distinguish between extinct species , as fossils , and extant species , which are still living .
Initiatives like the “ Just Say No ” campaign led by First Lady Nancy Reagan implied that drug addiction and drug - related crime reflected personal morality .
[ link ] illustrates the operation of the common four - stroke gasoline engine .
4143 .
When infection of a cell by a bacteriophage results in the production of new virions , the infection is said to be productive .
In terms of cellular complexity , cnidarians show the presence of differentiated cell types in each tissue layer , such as nerve cells , contractile epithelial cells , enzyme - secreting cells , and nutrient - absorbing cells , as well as the presence of intercellular connections .
( To use an example from today , the punishment for speeding by an out - of - state driver can not be more severe than the punishment for an in - state driver ) .
Note that these warmth detectors are situated deeper in the skin than are the cold detectors .
For example , the endocrinologist Hans Selye , a famous stress researcher , once defined stress as the “ response of the body to any demand , whether it is caused by , or results in , pleasant or unpleasant conditions ” ( Selye , 1976 , p. 74 ) .
Tensile strength is the breaking stress that will cause permanent deformation or fracture of a material . Hooke ’s Law
Among the rights Stanton wished to see granted to women was suffrage , the right to vote .
This provision , along with the due process clause ’s provisions limiting the taking of property , can be viewed as a protection of individuals ’ economic liberty : their right to obtain , use , and trade tangible and intangible property for their own benefit .
Organizations need to respond quickly to changes in these factors .
The colorful term captured the disdain of southerners for these people , reflecting the common assumption that these men , sensing great opportunity , packed up all their worldly possessions in carpetbags , a then - popular type of luggage , and made their way to the South .
Rumsfeld is on the right .
Opioids have analgesic properties ; that is , they decrease pain .
Examples of flat bones are the sternum ( breast bone ) , ribs , scapulae ( shoulder blades ) , and the roof of the skull ( [ link ] ) .
3822 .
831 .
There are three main categories of life cycles in multicellular organisms : diploid - dominant , in which the multicellular diploid stage is the most obvious life stage , such as with most animals including humans ; haploid - dominant , in which the multicellular haploid stage is the most obvious life stage , such as with all fungi and some algae ; and alternation of generations , in which the two stages are apparent to different degrees depending on the group , as with plants and some algae .
The stigma may keep people from seeking help for their illness , making it worse than it needs to be .
843 .
Many of the most famous executive orders have come in times of war or invoke the president ’s authority as commander - in - chief , including Franklin Roosevelt ’s order permitting the internment of Japanese Americans in 1942 and Harry Truman ’s directive desegregating the armed forces ( 1948 ) .
Other thinkers of the day took Charles Darwin ’s theories in a more nuanced direction , focusing on different theories of realism that sought to understand the truth underlying the changes in the United States .
454 .
When the exchange rate for a currency rises , so that the currency exchanges for more of other currencies , it is referred to as appreciating or “ strengthening . ” When the exchange rate for a currency falls , so that a currency trades for less of other currencies , it is referred to as depreciating or “ weakening . ”
5669 .
In the late 1700s , a French physician , Philippe Pinel , argued for more humane treatment of the mentally ill .
These triplets are called nonsense codons , or stop codons .
5553 .
Political scientist Robert Putnam has argued that civic engagement is declining ; although many Americans may report belonging to groups , these groups are usually large , impersonal ones with thousands of members .
Brain imaging studies reveal that people with schizophrenia have enlarged ventricles , the cavities within the brain that contain cerebral spinal fluid ( Green , 2001 ) .
These include the 1960s counterculture movement , including the revolutionary group The Weather Underground , as well as anarchist collectives .
From the end of the Revolutionary War in the late eighteenth century until the early twentieth century , isolationism — whereby a country stays out of foreign entanglements and keeps to itself — was a popular stance in U.S. foreign policy .
In the same way ( though not shown in the figure ) , if AD increases , the economy could experience an inflationary gap , where demand is attempting to push the economy past potential output .
6193 .
The male spores are called microspores , because of their smaller size , and develop into the male gametophyte ; the comparatively larger megaspores develop into the female gametophyte .
In contrast , a representative who understands their role to be that of a trustee believes he or she is entrusted by the constituents with the power to use good judgment to make decisions on the constituents ’ behalf .
For example , in ancient Athens , the most famous example of a direct democracy , all male citizens were allowed to attend meetings of the Assembly .
The animal genes containing homeobox sequences are specifically referred to as Hox genes .
To convert the money spent on the basket to an index number , economists arbitrarily choose one year to be the base year , or starting point from which we measure changes in prices .
This equation describes laminar flow through a tube .
This example uses a short - run upward - sloping Keynesian aggregate supply curve ( SRAS ) .
Addressing the natural rate of unemployment is straightforward in theory but difficult in practice .
The Constitution contained no provisions for government support of churches or of religious education , and Article VI explicitly forbade the use of religious tests to determine eligibility for public office .
16 .
4953 .
While there has sometimes been criticism , Congress has never acted to reverse presidential action .
Just a few years later , however , in Gonzales v. Raich ( 2005 ) , the Supreme Court ruled that the U.S. government had the authority to criminalize the use of marijuana .
5954 .
5919 .
tolerated the presence of the most gigantic , the most cruel , impudent , pitiless and grasping monopoly that ever fastened itself upon a country . ”
When are resistors in series ?
Almost one - third of those funds were invested in a new relief agency , the Works Progress Administration ( WPA ) .
6004 .
John C. Calhoun labeled the whole affair a “ corrupt bargain ” ( [ link ] ) .
Given its potential impact , interest group representatives ( lobbyists ) from the insurance industry , hospitals , medical device manufacturers , and organizations representing doctors , patients , and employers all tried to influence what the law would look like and the way it would operate .
These species help to further break down the mineral rich lava into soil where other , less hardy species will grow and eventually replace the pioneer species .
In a very general sense , positive psychology can be thought of as the science of happiness ; it is an area of study that seeks to identify and promote those qualities that lead to greater fulfillment in our lives .
Supply - siders have argued that increased regulation and higher taxes reduce the incentive to invest new money into the economy , to the point where little growth can occur .
All of the subsequent steps involve getting that electron onto the energy carrier NADPH for delivery to the Calvin cycle where the electron is deposited onto carbon for long - term storage in the form of a carbohydrate . PSII and PSI are two major components of the photosynthetic electron transport chain , which also includes the cytochrome complex .
This occurs because the nucleus of the oxygen atom is more attractive to the electrons of the hydrogen atoms than the hydrogen nucleus is to the oxygen ’s electrons .
The territory of the equally impressive Susquehannock people also bordered English settlements at the north end of the Chesapeake Bay .
The hyphae in bread molds ( which belong to the Phylum Zygomycota ) are not separated by septa .
580 .
Consistent with these beliefs , he used his business to object to a provision of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ( ACA or Obamacare ) requiring employer - backed insurance plans to include no - charge access to the morning - after pill , a form of emergency contraception , arguing that this requirement infringed on his conscience .
In fact , we need to look no further than to Adam Smith , the very father of modern economics to find evidence of this .
6714 .
All societies practice social control , the regulation and enforcement of norms .
This retinex theory of color vision is an example of modified theories of color vision that attempt to account for its subtleties .
The debate over one particular bureaucratic response to the recession provides important insight into these divisions .
667 .
Male gametes reach female gametophyte and the egg cell gamete though a pollen tube : an extension of a cell within the pollen grain .
Although a number of classification systems have been developed over time , the one that is used by most mental health professionals in the United States is the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders ( DSM-5 ) , published by the American Psychiatric Association ( 2013 ) .
844 .
675 .
A bureaucracy is an ideal type of formal organization .
5561 .
Much like the lit fuse of a firecracker , it does not fade away as it travels down the axon .
821 .
However , in the last decade or so , the structure of healthcare provision has shifted to an emphasis on health maintenance organizations ( HMOs ) .
The coelom of most protostomes is formed through a process called schizocoely , meaning that during development , a solid mass of the mesoderm splits apart and forms the hollow opening of the coelom .
Electromagnetism is the use of electric current to make magnets .
Mycotoxicosis is the poisoning of humans ( and other animals ) by foods contaminated by fungal toxins ( mycotoxins ) .
This concept means simply that children tend to enter the same or similar occupation as their parents , which is a correlation that has been demonstrated in research studies ( Antony 1998 ) .
Later , James Madison , in his speech introducing the proposed amendments that would become the Bill of Rights , acknowledged another Federalist argument : “ It has been said , that a bill of rights is not necessary , because the establishment of this government has not repealed those declarations of rights which are added to the several state constitutions . ”
In 1964 , in Queens , New York , a 19-year - old woman named Kitty Genovese was attacked by a person with a knife near the back entrance to her apartment building and again in the hallway inside her apartment building .
3608 .
It is a butterfly - shaped gland with two lobes that are connected by the isthmus .
A waxy layer known as the cuticle covers the leaves of all plant species .
Finally , there were the southern Democrats , the Dixiecrats , who opposed the advances made by the civil rights movement .
The fovea is the region in the center back of the eye that is responsible for acute vision .
The government of the United States can best be described as a republic , or representative democracy .
Rather , Saurischia diverged into two groups : One included the long - necked herbivorous dinosaurs , such as Apatosaurus .
48 .
According to Freud , the unconscious mind could be accessed through dream analysis , by examinations of the first words that came to people ’s minds , and through seemingly innocent slips of the tongue .
The solicitor general is the lawyer who represents the federal government before the Supreme Court : He or she decides which cases ( in which the United States is a party ) should be appealed from the lower courts and personally approves each one presented ( [ link ] ) .
If someone is crying , we can see behavior .
Perhaps the most famous foreign policy emergency was the Cuban Missile Crisis in 1962 .
The forebrain contains the cerebral cortex and a number of other structures that lie beneath the cortex ( called subcortical structures ) : thalamus , hypothalamus , pituitary gland , and the limbic system ( collection of structures ) .
TEMAS — standing for “ Tell Me a Story ” but also a play on the Spanish word temas ( themes ) — uses images and storytelling cues that relate to minority culture ( Constantino , 1982 ) . 3311 .
Additionally , a tongue - like organ called a radula , which bears chitinous tooth - like ornamentation , is present in many species , and serves to shred or scrape food .
The ventral cavity contains the thoracic cavity , which in turn contains the pleural cavity around the lungs and the pericardial cavity , which surrounds the heart .
565 .
2540 .
They exist because the services they provide are partly subject to market forces and tend to generate enough profit to be self - sustaining , but they also fulfill a vital service the government has an interest in maintaining .
Economists usually oppose high inflation , but they oppose it in a milder way than many non - economists .
The final column , aggregate expenditures , sums up C + I + G + X – M .
These two - way exchanges between the Americas and Europe / Africa are known collectively as the Columbian Exchange ( [ link ] ) .
If the scalar is negative , then multiplying a vector by it changes the vector ’s magnitude and gives the new vector the opposite direction .
The channel ( the width of the river or stream ) is narrower than at any other place along the length of the river or stream .
The fundamental is the first harmonic , the first overtone is the second harmonic , and so on .
4846 .
Because he believed that objective analysis of the mind was impossible , Watson preferred to focus directly on observable behavior and try to bring that behavior under control .
6369 .
Shelby County v. Holder , 570 U.S. _ _ _ ( 2013 ) .
2924 .
Television is also broadcast on electromagnetic waves .
4897 .
” Pew Research Center . October 3 , 2013 . http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2013/10/03/the-2016-presidential-media-primary-is-off-to-a-fast-start/ ( February 18 , 2016 ) .
The first cytokines to be produced are pro - inflammatory ; that is , they encourage inflammation , the localized redness , swelling , heat , and pain that result from the movement of leukocytes and fluid through increasingly permeable capillaries to a site of infection .
Medicaid is a formula - based , health insurance program , which means beneficiaries must demonstrate they fall within a particular income category .
[ link ] is a Feynman diagram showing how the weak nuclear force is transmitted by the carrier particle Z0 Z0 size 12 { Z rSup { size 8 { 0 } } } { } , similar to the diagrams in [ link ] and [ link ] for the electromagnetic and strong nuclear forces .
Basic structures of the embryo start to develop into areas that will become the head , chest , and abdomen .
The nominal interest rate is comprised of the real rate , plus an expected inflation factor .
The ability to locate sound in our environments is an important part of hearing .
These sequences at the amino end or the carboxyl end of the protein can be thought of as the protein ’s “ train ticket ” to its ultimate destination .
Native peoples had always placed goods in the graves of their departed , and this practice escalated with the arrival of European goods .
The long - run equilibrium is shown in the figure at point Y , where the firm ’s perceived demand curve touches the average cost curve .
But they have largely been overshadowed by the outright ridiculous and sometimes racist filibusters of the twentieth century .
Other democratic countries with unitary systems , such as France , Japan , and Sweden , have followed a similar path of decentralization .
The optic nerve carries visual information from the retina to the brain .
Urbanization occurred rapidly in the second half of the nineteenth century in the United States for a number of reasons .
2648 .
Skeletal muscle also has multiple nuclei present in a single cell .
6300 .
5757 .
This intermediary is the messenger RNA ( mRNA ) .
A person who exhibits diminished emotional expression shows no emotion in his facial expressions , speech , or movements , even when such expressions are normal or expected .
4178 .
When we hold a stereotype about a person , we have expectations that he or she will fulfill that stereotype .
2078 .
Sociologists working from the micro - level study small groups and individual interactions , while those using macro - level analysis look at trends among and between large groups and societies .
When trees bend in the wind , for example , growth is usually stunted and the trunk thickens .
4141 .
These are granted for the invention or discovery of any new and useful process , product , or machine , or for a significant improvement to existing technologies .
544 .
It is composed of hair cells held in place above the basilar membrane like flowers projecting up from soil , with their exposed short , hair - like stereocilia contacting or embedded in the tectorial membrane above them .
These transfers , which do not have to be repaid , are designed to support the activities of the recipient governments , but also to encourage them to pursue federal policy objectives they might not otherwise adopt .
According to Jagose ( 1996 ) , Queer [ Theory ] focuses on mismatches between anatomical sex , gender identity , and sexual orientation , not just division into male / female or homosexual / hetereosexual .
4772 .
In equation form ,
4613 .
Adams did not advocate democracy ; rather , he wrote , “ there is no good government but what is republican . ”
5597 .
A positive correlation means that the variables move in the same direction .
He then sailed to an island he named Hispaniola ( present - day Dominican Republic and Haiti ) ( [ link ] ) .
Molecules with more oxygen bound to the heme groups are brighter red .
5551 .
The pelvis joins together in the anterior of the body at a joint called the pubic symphysis and with the bones of the sacrum at the posterior of the body .
4863 .
2865 .
Investment falls into four categories : producer ’s durable equipment and software , new nonresidential structures ( such as factories , offices , and retail locations ) , changes in inventories , and residential structures ( such as single - family homes , townhouses , and apartment buildings ) .
5761 .
On February 25 , 1990 , a Florida woman named Terri Schiavo went into cardiac arrest , apparently triggered by a bulimic episode .
371 .
6568 .
These animals do not possess eyes , but they have a radula , as well as a foot modified into tentacles with a bulbous end , known as captaculae .
Only the lower house , the House of Representatives , would have proportional representation .
6385 .
When an optometrist identifies accommodation as a problem in elder people , it is most likely due to stiffening of the lens .
Vapor pressure is defined as the pressure at which a gas coexists with its solid or liquid phase .
They dominated the landscape of the Carboniferous , growing into tall trees and forming large swamp forests .
If Larry buys a private good like a piece of pizza , then he can exclude others , like Lorna , from eating that pizza . 4615 .
A genetic site used to generate a physical map with sequencing technology ( a sequence - tagged site , or STS ) is a unique sequence in the genome with a known exact chromosomal location . 606 .
Asthma is a chronic and serious disease in which the airways of the respiratory system become obstructed , leading to great difficulty expelling air from the lungs .
3712 .
People with these disorders display a personality style that is odd or eccentric .
He recommended that the new federal government honor all its debts , including all paper money issued by the Confederation and the states during the war , at face value .
This phenomenon drastically , but briefly , changes the proportions of BCR variants expressed by the immune system , and shifts the balance toward BCRs specific to the infecting pathogen .
This legislation changed how mental health services were delivered in the United States .
4839 .
3512 .
This includes studying worker satisfaction , motivation , and commitment .
As of the 2013 release of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual , fifth edition , Binge eating disorder is a disorder recognized by the American Psychiatric Association ( APA ) .
6563 .
Ibid . , 118 – 120 .
Congress believed that this last step , a provision in the third Enforcement Act , also called the Ku Klux Klan Act , was necessary in order to ensure that trials would not be decided by white juries in southern states friendly to the Klan .
5025 .
Until that time , many people practiced subsistence farming in which they produced only enough to feed themselves and pay their taxes .
Recall from International Trade that tariffs are taxes imposed on imported goods and services .
Whereas children in the concrete operational stage are able to think logically only about concrete events , children in the formal operational stage can also deal with abstract ideas and hypothetical situations .
This wave fluctuates in amplitude , or beats , with a frequency called the beat frequency .
192 .
Proponents of the monopolistic model recognize the similarities between a bureaucracy like the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) and a private monopoly like a regional power company or internet service provider that has no competitors .
Similar problems arise for all people trying to save for retirement , because they must consider what their money will really buy several decades in the future when the rate of future inflation can not be known with certainty .
1942 .
The jaws of other vertebrates are composed of more than one bone .
Dissociative disorders are characterized by an individual becoming split off , or dissociated , from her core sense of self .
When water warms , these chunks of ice melt and methane is released .
The Minnesota Study of Twins Reared Apart is one of the most well - known twin studies .
When you are ready to create a simulation , in the upper - right corner of the Interactive Labs box , click OPEN SIMULATOR .
Even a single status such as “ student ” has a complex role - set , or array of roles , attached to it ( Merton 1957 ) .
This information can be observed as an electrocardiogram ( ECG ) — a recording of the electrical impulses of the cardiac muscle .
The presence of imperfect information can easily cause a decline in prices or quantities of products sold .
Questions about conspecific interactions often focus on competition among members of the same species for a limited resource .
2350 .
Most likely none of us could even come close to answering these questions ; however , American actress Marilu Henner , best known for the television show Taxi , can remember .
5788 . opined , “ The measure of a man is what he does with power , ” and Lord Acton perhaps more famously asserted , “ Power tends to corrupt ; absolute power corrupts absolutely ” ( 1887 ) .
He was working with Streptococcus pneumoniae , the bacterium that causes pneumonia .
Creativity is the ability to generate , create , or discover new ideas , solutions , and possibilities .
Endoscopes are used to explore the body through various orifices or minor incisions .
5514 .
Today , many who do not agree with the positions of the Democratic or the Republican Party have organized themselves into an oppositional group dubbed the Tea Party ( [ link ] ) .
In Crawford v. Marion County Election Board ( 2008 ) , the Supreme Court decided that Indiana ’s voter identification requirement was constitutional , although the decision left open the possibility that another case might meet the burden of proof required to overturn the law . David Stout , “ Supreme Court Upholds Voter Identification Law in Indiana , ” New York Times , 29 April 2008 ; Crawford v. Marion County Election Board , 553 U.S. 181 ( 2008 ) .
One of the methods used to reduce accidents in the workplace is a checklist .
They do this by gaining control over the government by winning elections .
On the subject of policy innovation , Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis observed in 1932 that “ a single courageous state may , if its citizens choose , serve as a laboratory ; and try novel social and economic experiments without risk to the rest of the country .
As a result of the Panic , the Federal Reserve was founded to be the “ lender of last resort . ”
6411 .
It is a series of symmetrical inkblot cards that are presented to a client by a psychologist .
While the Supreme Court has declined to define obscenity , it is identified using a test outlined in Miller v. California ( 1973 ) .
These can be individual decisions , family decisions , business decisions or societal decisions .
This causes the release of follicle stimulating hormone ( FSH ) and luteinizing hormone ( LH ) from the anterior pituitary into the blood .
The format that an international agreement takes has been the point of considerable discussion in recent years .
The ACTH then activates the adrenal glands to secrete a number of hormones into the bloodstream ; an important one is cortisol , which can affect virtually every organ within the body .
When government spends a certain amount more on reducing crime , for example , the original gains in reducing crime could be relatively large .
He argued for the creation of an American republic , a state without a king , and extolled the blessings of republicanism , a political philosophy that held that elected representatives , not a hereditary monarch , should govern states .
2682 .
When the trade deficit rises , it necessarily means a greater net inflow of foreign financial capital .
Adler ( 1937 , 1956 ) proposed the concept of the inferiority complex .
145 .
6767 .
The opportunity set identifies all the opportunities for spending within his budget .
An afterimage describes the continuation of a visual sensation after removal of the stimulus .
Normative organizations , also called voluntary organizations , are based on shared interests .
Gymnosperms , meaning “ naked seeds , ” are a diverse group of seed plants and are paraphyletic .
The Connecticut Compromise , also called the Great Compromise , proposed a bicameral congress with members apportioned differently in each house .
Brain waves during REM sleep appear very similar to brain waves during wakefulness .
Moral suasion relied on dramatic narratives , often from former slaves , about the horrors of slavery , arguing that slavery destroyed families , as children were sold and taken away from their mothers and fathers ( [ link ] ) .
U.S .
For example , many U.S. drivers do not much care where the tires for their car were made — they just want good quality as inexpensively as they can get it .
Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's experiences provide an example of the way society reacts to a high - profile woman who is an instrumental leader .
A popular form of exposure therapy is systematic desensitization , wherein a calm and pleasant state is gradually associated with increasing levels of anxiety - inducing stimuli .
5989 .
For most products , most of the time , the income elasticity of demand is positive : that is , a rise in income will cause an increase in the quantity demanded .
Most nucleic acid extraction techniques involve steps to break open the cell and use enzymatic reactions to destroy all macromolecules that are not desired ( such as degradation of unwanted molecules and separation from the DNA sample ) .
5502 .
The mRNA folds back on itself , and the complementary C – G nucleotides bind together .
Another ingredient of M2 are the relatively small ( that is , less than about $ 100,000 ) certificates of deposit ( CDs ) or time deposits , which are accounts that the depositor has committed to leaving in the bank for a certain period of time , ranging from a few months to a few years , in exchange for a higher interest rate .
An elastic demand or elastic supply is one in which the elasticity is greater than one , indicating a high responsiveness to changes in price .
The interest rate banks pay for such loans is called the discount rate .
2625 .
The A horizon consists of a mixture of organic material with inorganic products of weathering , and it is therefore the beginning of true mineral soil .
Combinations of notes constitute music .
Still limited by achievable magnetic field strengths , synchrotrons need to be very large at very high energies , since the radius of a high - energy particle ’s orbit is very large .
Diplomacy is the establishment and maintenance of a formal relationship between countries that governs their interactions on matters as diverse as tourism , the taxation of goods they trade , and the landing of planes on each other ’s runways .
It can be further subdivided into the sympathetic and parasympathetic divisions ( [ link ] ) .
Arthropods ( insects , crustaceans , and others ) have an outer skeleton , called the exoskeleton , which protects their internal body parts ( as seen in the bee in [ link ] ) .
Economists use the term opportunity cost to indicate what must be given up to obtain something that is desired .
1614 .
4586 .
In the fall of 2002 , a sniper in the DC area shot people at a gas station , leaving Home Depot , and walking down the street .
5915 .
Research demonstrates , however , that we have at least six taste groupings .
460 .
In 2014 , Ferguson , Missouri , erupted in protests and riots following a decision not to indict Darren Wilson , a white police officer , in the fatal shooting of Michael Brown , who had allegedly been involved in a theft at a local convenience store and ended up in a dispute with the officer . “Hundreds of Ferguson Protesters March in Downtown D.C. , ” http://www.nbcwashington.com/news/local/Ferguson-Protests-Planned-for-DC-Baltimore-Tuesday-283807831.html ( March 1 , 2016 ) .
In 2012 , an estimated 5.4 million Americans suffered from Alzheimer ’s disease , and payments for their care are estimated at $ 200 billion .
It allows plants to optimize their use of light and space .
When DNA is transferred to a nylon membrane , the technique is called Southern blotting , and when RNA is transferred to a nylon membrane , it is called northern blotting .
In mammals , the blastula forms the blastocyst in the next stage of development .
The fungus penetrates the tissue of the worm by extending specialized hyphae called haustoria .
It is made up of organelles suspended in the gel - like cytosol , the cytoskeleton , and various chemicals ( [ link ] ) .
For example , in the 2000 election , Ralph Nader ran for president as the candidate of the Green Party .
There are several different types of family therapy .
However , in letting this provision stand , the court warned Arizona and other states with similar laws that they could face civil rights lawsuits if police officers applied it based on racial profiling . Julia Preston , “
This model is often called the “ web of life . ” In an effort to save the tree analogy , some have proposed using the Ficus tree ( [ link]b ) with its multiple trunks as a phylogenetic to represent a diminished evolutionary role for HGT.In the ( a ) phylogenetic model proposed by W. Ford Doolittle , the “ tree of life ” arose from a community of ancestral cells , has multiple trunks , and has connections between branches where horizontal gene transfer has occurred .
The output of a device called an endoscope is shown in [ link ] ( b ) .
There are many types of discrimination but the focus here will be on discrimination in labor markets , which arises if workers with the same skill levels — as measured by education , experience , and expertise — receive different pay receive different pay or have different job opportunities because of their race or gender .
in which the Supreme Court decided the right to privacy encompassed a right for women to terminate a pregnancy , at least under certain scenarios .
Some plants , especially those that are woody , also increase in thickness during their life span .
They improved the quality of life for city dwellers , but also cultivated middle - class - dominated urban spaces in which Americans of different ethnicities , racial origins , and classes worked and lived .
3457 .
Each retinex forms an image that is compared with the others , and the eye - brain system thus can compare a candle - illuminated white table cloth with its generally reddish surroundings and determine that it is actually white .
Second , because the federal Licensing Act of 1793 , which regulated coastal commerce , was a constitutional exercise of Congress ’s authority under the commerce clause , federal law trumped the New York State license - monopoly law that had granted Ogden an exclusive steamboat operating license .
Moral development is an important part of the socialization process .
Adler ( 1937 , 1956 ) proposed the concept of the inferiority complex .
Earlier , you learned about the limbic system , which is the area of the brain involved in emotion and memory ( [ link ] ) .
Bonds are bought not only when they are issued ; they are also bought and sold during their lifetimes .
Our unconscious refers to that mental activity of which we are unaware and are unable to access ( Freud , 1923 ) .
The first theme is scarcity .
Not all recombinant plasmids are capable of expressing genes .
This dual domestic and international role has been described by the two presidencies thesis .
A group known as behavioral economists has challenged this notion , because so much of this so - called “ quirky ” behavior is extremely common among us .
Gastrin stimulates the release of stomach acid , or hydrochloric acid ( HCl ) which aids in the digestion of the proteins .
2329 .
In 1955 , there were 558,239 severely mentally ill patients institutionalized at public hospitals ( Torrey , 1997 ) .
4134 .
However , these associations do not have strict enforcement authority over specific nations , unless a group of member nations takes action in some manner ( which is ultimately voluntary ) . 7023 .
Once we receive sensory information from the environment , our brains label or code it .
The cell wall functions as a protective layer , and it is responsible for the organism ’s shape .
Grandfather clauses exempted individuals from taking literacy tests or paying poll taxes if they or their fathers or grandfathers had been permitted to vote prior to a certain point in time .
DNA replicates in the S phase of interphase .
Cohesin holds the chromatids together until anaphase II .
During this stage , we also expect children to display egocentrism , which means that the child is not able to take the perspective of others .
W.
534 .
1836 .
Second , a monopolist is surrounded by barriers to entry and need not fear entry , but a monopolistic competitor who earns profits must expect the entry of firms with similar , but differentiated , products .
The partially digested food and gastric juice mixture is called chyme .
The alimentary canal , shown in [ link ] b , is a more advanced system : it consists of one tube with a mouth at one end and an anus at the other .
Once Mendel examined the characteristics in the F1 generation of plants , he allowed them to self - fertilize naturally .
Dynamics is the study of how forces affect the motion of objects .
These animals possess a radula that is modified for scraping .
2997 .
The cones are specialized types of photoreceptors that work best in bright light conditions .
Similarly , Jay reminded New Yorkers in Federalist No .
A measure of this limit on charge flow is called resistance .
872 .
Investigative journalists — called muckrakers by politicians and business leaders who were the focus of their investigations — began to expose many of the ways in which manufacturers were abusing the public trust .
4053 .
2572 .
As you learn in the micro part of this book , principal tools used by economists are theories and models ( see Welcome to Economics !
3830 .
Our personality is what makes us unique individuals .
Restriction endonucleases recognize specific DNA sequences and cut them in a predictable manner ; they are naturally produced by bacteria as a defense mechanism against foreign DNA .
This process is called a glucose - sparing effect .
The formation of each peptide bond is catalyzed by peptidyl transferase , an RNA - based enzyme that is integrated into the 50S ribosomal subunit .
It directs impulses for hunger , thirst , and sex .
Prohibition of such laws means that the U.S. Congress can not simply punish people who are unpopular or seem to be guilty of crimes .
Basal angiosperms are a group of plants that are believed to have branched off before the separation into monocots and eudicots because they exhibit traits from both groups .
They called for an approach known as supply - side economics , which argues that economic growth is largely a function of the productive capacity of a country .
1118 .
929 .
The very arboreal gibbons are smaller than the great apes ; they have low sexual dimorphism ( that is , the sexes are not markedly different in size ) ; and they have relatively longer arms used for swinging through trees .
In macroeconomics , the connection from inputs to outputs for the entire economy is called an aggregate production function .
New York : Columbia University Press .
In 1974 , in the case of Lau v. Nichols , Chinese American students in San Francisco sued the school district , claiming its failure to provide them with assistance in learning English denied them equal educational opportunities .
[ link ] ( b ) also shows that imports and exports have both risen substantially in recent decades , even after the declines during the Great Recession between 2008 and 2009 .
Great or explicit powers , called enumerated powers , were granted to the federal government to declare war , impose taxes , coin and regulate currency , regulate foreign and interstate commerce , raise and maintain an army and a navy , maintain a post office , make treaties with foreign nations and with Native American tribes , and make laws regulating the naturalization of immigrants .
You might say you were very tired or feeling unwell and needed quiet time — a situational explanation .
Just as individuals can not have everything they want and must instead make choices , society as a whole can not have everything it might want , either .
The first column offers one measure of the globalization of an economy : exports of goods and services as a percentage of GDP .
His successor , Andrew Johnson , became so embroiled with Radical Republicans about ways to implement Reconstruction policies and programs after the Civil War that the House of Representatives impeached him , although the legislators in the Senate were unable to successfully remove him from office .
Key among those factors is adherence to the rule of law and protection of property rights and contractual rights by a country ’s government so that markets can work effectively and efficiently .
1873 .
Capacities are measurements of two or more volumes .
Racial Tensions in the United States The death of Michael Brown in Ferguson , MO on August 9 , 2014 illustrates racial tensions in the United States as well as the overlap between prejudice , discrimination , and institutional racism .
4075 .
A common pattern was to require a price that declined slightly over time .
3308 .
4394 .
Note that recognition occurs at a specific epitope rather than on the entire antigen ; for this reason , epitopes are known as “ antigenic determinants . ” In the absence of information from APCs , T and B cells remain inactive , or naïve , and are unable to prepare an immune response .
Cheney anticipated this problem and had earlier registered to vote in Wyoming , where he was originally from and where he had served as a representative years earlier .
For the national government to be effective , Hamilton deemed it essential to have the support of those to whom it owed money : the wealthy , domestic creditor class as well as foreign creditors .
2415 .
It synthesizes and secretes regulatory hormones that control the endocrine cells in the anterior pituitary gland .
Today this structure of power sharing is referred to as federalism .
For now , we will define friction as a force that opposes the motion past each other of objects that are touching .
2038 .
( Revisit Macroeconomic Policy Around the World for more information on the infant industry argument .
But on the other side of the political spectrum , interventionists argued that Article X would impede the United States from using her rightfully attained military power to secure and protect America ’s international interests .
Clearly , high levels of debt will affect their career choices and life decisions for the foreseeable future . 2641 .
Translocations can be benign or have devastating effects depending on how the positions of genes are altered with respect to regulatory sequences .
This portion of the demand curve shows that at least some demanders would have been willing to pay more than $ 80 for a tablet .
The ACLU and the town got their wish as the Scopes Monkey Trial , as the newspapers publicized it , quickly turned into a carnival that captured the attention of the country and epitomized the nation ’s urban / rural divide ( [ link ] ) .
The plumule is composed of the epicotyl , young leaves , and the shoot apical meristem . Upon germination in dicot seeds , the epicotyl is shaped like a hook with the plumule pointing downwards .
The two centrosomes will give rise to the mitotic spindle , the apparatus that orchestrates the movement of chromosomes during mitosis .
The range of radiation is defined to be the distance it can travel through a material .
2126 .
Notable artists who were blacklisted in the 1940s and 1950s include composer Leonard Bernstein , novelist Dashiell Hammett , playwright and screenwriter Lillian Hellman , actor and singer Paul Robeson , and musician Artie Shaw .
Rather than both alleles contributing to a phenotype , the dominant allele will be expressed exclusively .
The site is open and you can see the KSAs that are listed for your own position or one you might be curious about .
4768 .
In this case , images in the distance are blurry but images nearby are clear .
3980 .
The power held by these positions varies from one country to another .
1285 .
The law proved difficult to enforce , as illegal alcohol soon poured in from Canada and the Caribbean , and rural Americans resorted to home - brewed “ moonshine . ”
These issues can become even more complex when a bank makes loans to banks or firms in other countries , or arranges financial deals that are much more complex than a basic loan .
6249 .
The central nervous system ( CNS ) is made up of the brain , a part of which is shown in [ link ] and spinal cord and is covered with three layers of protective coverings called meninges ( from the Greek word for membrane ) .
41 .
The Pregnancy Discrimination Act of 1978 amends the Civil Rights Act ; it prohibits job ( e.g. , employment , pay , and termination ) discrimination of a woman because she is pregnant as long as she can perform the work required .
5389 .
Other amendments rectify problems that have arisen over the years or that reflect changing times .
Control rods containing nuclides that very strongly absorb neutrons are used to adjust neutron flux .
Since they have high frequencies , their wavelengths are short compared with those of other radio waves — hence the name “ microwave . ” Microwaves can also be produced by atoms and molecules .
This , until recently , was a question of whether there is enough gravitation to stop the expansion of the universe .
Data in [ link ] , from the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics ’ Usual Weekly Earnings of Wage and Salary Workers , Third Quarter 2014 , demonstrate that median weekly earnings are higher for workers who have completed more education .
The work of the news media differs from public relations , which is communication carried out to improve the image of companies , organizations , or candidates for office .
This is known as automatic processing , or the encoding of details like time , space , frequency , and the meaning of words .
If it uses direct purchases and sales of foreign currencies in exchange rates , then it must face the issue of how it will handle its reserves of foreign currency .
Health - related grant programs such as Medicaid and the Children ’s Health Insurance Program ( CHIP ) represented more than half of total federal grant expenses .
2927 .
Scientists use the term bioenergetics to discuss the concept of energy flow ( [ link ] ) through living systems , such as cells .
Some “ smart cards ” used for specific purposes , like long - distance phone calls or making purchases at a campus bookstore and cafeteria , are not really all that smart , because they can only be used for certain purchases or in certain places . In short , credit cards , debit cards , and smart cards are different ways to move money when a purchase is made .
With the evolution of photosynthesis about 3 billion years ago , some prokaryotes in microbial mats came to use a more widely available energy source — sunlight — whereas others were still dependent on chemicals from hydrothermal vents for energy and food .
Jung said that these themes reflect common experiences of people the world over , such as facing death , becoming independent , and striving for mastery .
6079 .
Chunking is useful when trying to remember information like dates and phone numbers .
A small force could cause the same change in momentum , but it would have to act for a much longer time .
Indeed , the trade deficit grew quite large in the late 1990s and in the mid- 2000s .
Madeleine Albright ( a ) , the first female secretary of state , was nominated by President Bill Clinton and unanimously confirmed by the Senate 99 – 0 .
2895 .
5779 .
Habituation occurs when we learn not to respond to a stimulus that is presented repeatedly without change .
Indeed , it grew so large that politicians in modern times have ridiculed it to great political advantage .
A first argument is based on diminishing marginal returns .
Although some neurons do not have any dendrites , some types of neurons have multiple dendrites .
Calvinism emphasized human powerlessness before an omniscient God and stressed the idea of predestination , the belief that God selected a few chosen people for salvation while everyone else was predestined to damnation .
Self - report data are gathered each year , asking approximately 160,000 people in the United States about the frequency and types of crime they ’ve experienced in their daily lives ( BJS 2013 ) .
Yeasts are intermediate , being faculative anaerobes .
Research is also conducted on similar topics as they relate to physical exercise in general .
Key benefits like committee appointments , leadership positions , and money for important projects in their home district may hinge on legislators following the lead of the party .
5248 .
" 002 " ` K } { } .
599 .
5840 .
Because the disease was seen almost exclusively in male homosexuals , it was quickly dubbed “ gay cancer . ”
At first , most goods and services were traded as gifts or through bartering between small social groups ( Mauss 1922 ) .
The U.S. court system operates on the principle of stare decisis ( Latin for stand by things decided ) , which means that today ’s decisions are based largely on rulings from the past , and tomorrow ’s rulings rely on what is decided today .
The U.S. income tax is charged on the nominal interest received in dollar terms , without an adjustment for inflation .
The social construction of sexuality refers to the way in which socially created definitions about the cultural appropriateness of sex - linked behavior shape the way people see and experience sexuality .
State and local government figures are estimated .
4148 .
In contrast to ADH , which promotes the reabsorption of water to maintain proper water balance , aldosterone maintains proper water balance by enhancing Na+ reabsorption and K+ secretion from extracellular fluid of the cells in kidney tubules .
For rays passing through matter , the law of refraction is used to trace the paths .
Dandelions are a good example ; their tap roots usually break off when trying to pull these weeds , and they can regrow another shoot from the remaining root ) .
3029 .
4440 .
4583 .
With these exceptions duly noted , most of the international economy takes place in a situation of multiple national currencies in which both people and firms need to convert from one currency to another when selling , buying , hiring , borrowing , traveling , or investing across national borders .
Conventional crowds are those who come together for a scheduled event that occurs regularly , like a religious service .
A lineage that evolved early from the root and remains unbranched is called basal taxon .
It is beyond the scope of this text to go into more detail on the types of quark and gluon interactions that underlie the observable particles , but the theory ( quantum chromodynamics or QCD ) is very self - consistent .
Gallup .
A ligand is a molecule that binds another specific molecule , in some cases , delivering a signal in the process .
5164 .
Communication — the exchange of meaning through language and symbols — is believed to be the way in which people make sense of their social worlds .
The size of the multiplier is critical and was a key element in recent discussions of the effectiveness of the Obama administration ’s fiscal stimulus package , officially titled the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 .
1203 .
Another important visual route is a pathway from the retina to the superior colliculus in the midbrain , where eye movements are coordinated and integrated with auditory information .
The hydrophilic or “ water - loving ” areas of these molecules ( which look like a collection of balls in an artist ’s rendition of the model ) ( [ link ] ) are in contact with the aqueous fluid both inside and outside the cell .
Prosocial ( positive ) models can be used to encourage socially acceptable behavior .
1858 .
The most familiar structure is the haploid gametophyte , which germinates from a haploid spore and forms first a protonema — usually , a tangle of single - celled filaments that hug the ground .
Anomie — literally , “ without law ” — is a situation in which society no longer has the support of a firm collective consciousness .
Inside the cell , many different enzymes reverse the cellular modifications that result from signaling cascades .
Keynesian economists argue that if the adjustment from recession to potential GDP takes a very long time , then neoclassical theory may be more hypothetical than practical .
In order to understand eukaryotic organisms fully , it is necessary to understand that all extant eukaryotes are descendants of a chimeric organism that was a composite of a host cell and the cell(s ) of an alpha - proteobacterium that “ took up residence ” inside it .
2340 .
The pancreas is another important gland that secretes digestive juices .
The pellicle functions like a flexible coat of armor , preventing the protist from being torn or pierced without compromising its range of motion .
On that day , Brown , a young unarmed black man , was killed by a white police officer named Darren Wilson .
The expenditure multiplier is the idea that not only does spending affect the equilibrium level of GDP , but that spending is powerful .
6389 .
Presidents also choose political advisers , speechwriters , and a press secretary to manage the politics and the message of the administration .
Societies with mechanical solidarity act in a mechanical fashion ; things are done mostly because they have always been done that way .
6690 .
5658 .
And what is the relationship between deviance and crime ?
Americans hoped he would continue to lead the country through still more economic growth , and neither he nor the country was ready for the unraveling that followed .
The most common form of county government is the commission system .
As an institutional design , federalism both safeguards state interests and creates a strong union led by a capable central government .
The Controlled Substances Act ( CSA ) , passed by Congress in 1970 , declares marijuana a dangerous drug and makes its sale a prosecutable act .
Long bones are longer than they are wide and have a shaft and two ends .
Carbon is released as carbon dioxide when a volcano erupts or from volcanic hydrothermal vents .
The proposition sought to deny non - emergency health services , food stamps , welfare , and Medicaid to undocumented immigrants .
2382 .
real GDP ) firms will produce and sell .
In a hygiene study , for instance , hygiene could be defined as “ personal habits to maintain physical appearance ( as opposed to health ) , ” and a researcher might ask , “ How do differing personal hygiene habits reflect the cultural value placed on appearance ? ”
Great Britain pursued a policy of law and order when dealing with the crises in the colonies in the late 1760s and 1770s .
356 .
A delegate legislator represents the will of those who elected him or her to office and acts in their expressed interest , even when it goes against personal belief about what is ultimately in the constituency ’s best interest .
3780 .
3034 .
This system only works when one person happens to have something the other person needs at the same time .
This hidden curriculum reinforces the positions of those with higher cultural capital and serves to bestow status unequally .
3277 .
1503 .
The bond has a coupon rate or interest rate , which is usually semi - annual , but can be paid at different times throughout the year .
6180 .
The reason for including this money on foreign investment in the overall measure of trade , along with goods and services , is that , from an economic perspective , income is just as much an economic transaction as shipments of cars or wheat or oil : it is just trade that is happening in the financial capital market .
1891 .
Holography uses light interference or wave optics , whereas normal photography uses geometric optics .
In what became known as the “ Long Telegram , ” Kennan maintained that Soviet leaders believed that the only way to protect the Soviet Union was to destroy “ rival ” nations and their influence over weaker nations .
The connection between trade balances and international flows of financial capital is so close that the balance of trade is sometimes described as the balance of payments .
In contrast , non - REM ( NREM ) sleep is subdivided into four stages distinguished from each other and from wakefulness by characteristic patterns of brain waves .
5525 .
City of Boerne v. Flores , 521 U.S. 507 ( 1997 ) .
All virions have a nucleic acid genome covered by a protective layer of proteins , called a capsid .
These animals are found in marine , terrestrial , and freshwater habitats , but a presence of water or humidity is a critical factor for their survival , especially in terrestrial habitats .
6383 .
These measures of foreign policy are more quickly enacted and demonstrate the “ energy and dispatch ” that Alexander Hamilton , writing in the Federalist Papers , saw as inherent in the institution of the presidency .
Income inequality compares the share of the total income ( or wealth ) in society that is received by different groups ; for example , comparing the share of income received by the top 10 % to the share of income received by the bottom 10 % .
This universally obeyed law of nature is called the law of conservation of charge .
In transduction , bacteriophages , the viruses that infect bacteria , sometimes also move short pieces of chromosomal DNA from one bacterium to another .
3788 .
This is an example of induced polarization of neutral objects .
Shoemaker and Vos ( 2009 ) define gatekeeping as the sorting process by which thousands of possible messages are shaped into a mass media - appropriate form and reduced to a manageable amount .
These free electrons can move through the material much as air moves through loose sand .
Additionally , the number of receptors that respond to a hormone can change over time , resulting in increased or decreased cell sensitivity .
The neuronal membrane keeps these two fluids separate — a critical role because the electrical signal that passes through the neuron depends on the intra- and extracellular fluids being electrically different .
Should patients have the right to choose to die with dignity ?
News and World Report , 28 January 2015 . http://www.usnews.com/news/blogs/data-mine/2015/01/28/us-education-still-separate-and-unequal .
5529 .
Each vessel element is connected to the next by means of a perforation plate at the end walls of the element .
A second method of conducting monetary policy is for the central bank to raise or lower the reserve requirement , which , as we noted earlier , is the percentage of each bank ’s deposits that it is legally required to hold either as cash in their vault or on deposit with the central bank .
752 .
To be diagnosed with bipolar disorder , a person must have experienced a manic episode at least once in his life ; although major depressive episodes are common in bipolar disorder , they are not required for a diagnosis ( APA , 2013 ) .
The ASA is a great resource for students of sociology as well .
These outward and inward forces compete to inflate and deflate the lung with every breath .
Why is it that particles called gluons are listed as the carrier particles for the strong nuclear force when , in The Yukawa Particle and the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle Revisited , we saw that pions apparently carry that force ?
For example , most people sleep during the night and are awake during the day .
When people ruminate , they have thoughts such as “ Why am I so unmotivated ?
The nucleic acid fragments that are bound to the surface of the membrane can then be probed with specific radioactively or fluorescently labeled probe sequences .
Searches for dark matter in this form are particularly interested in galactic halos because of the huge amount of mass that seems to be there .
The cocaine , amphetamine , cathinones , and MDMA users seek a euphoric high , feelings of intense elation and pleasure , especially in those users who take the drug via intravenous injection or smoking .
But presidents have sought to increase their power almost from the beginning , typically at the expense of the Congress .
Disorders can arise from both the underproduction and overproduction of thyroid hormones .
These decisions do not look back to past choices .
135 .
The federal government deploys a range of income security programs that are funded through departments such as Health and Human Services , Agriculture , and Housing and Urban Development ( HUD ) ( see [ link ] ) .
While Article II also states that the term of office is four years and does not expressly limit the number of times a person might be elected president , after Franklin D. Roosevelt was elected four times ( from 1932 to 1944 ) , the Twenty - Second Amendment was proposed and ratified , limiting the presidency to two four - year terms .
The plan featured a bicameral or two - house legislature , with an upper and a lower house .
1441 .
3752 .
Thus , typical x - ray photons act like rays when they encounter macroscopic objects , like teeth , and produce sharp shadows ; however , since atoms are on the order of 0.1 nm in size , x rays can be used to detect the location , shape , and size of atoms and molecules .
6094 .
The response to the original , unconditioned stimulus is called the unconditioned response .
4928 .
Neon ( Ne ) , on the other hand , has a total of ten electrons : two are in its innermost 1s orbital and eight fill its second shell ( two each in the 2s and three p orbitals ) ; thus , it is an inert gas and energetically stable as a single atom that will rarely form a chemical bond with other atoms .
John B. Watson ( 1878 – 1958 ) was an influential American psychologist whose most famous work occurred during the early 20th century at Johns Hopkins University ( [ link ] ) .
4116 .
The meeting these delegates convened became known as the Constitutional Convention of 1787 .
Finally , the recall is one of the more unusual forms of direct democracy ; it allows voters to decide whether to remove a government official from office .
1776 .
It stated “ That on the first day of January , in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty - three , all persons held as slaves within any State or designated part of a State , the people whereof shall then be in rebellion against the United States , shall be then , thenceforward , and forever free . ”
Misaligned or incomplete synapsis , or a dysfunction of the spindle apparatus that facilitates chromosome migration , can cause nondisjunction .
The civil rights movement had also existed well before Rosa Parks refused to give up her bus seat to a white man .
The accepted criterion for determining the diffraction limit to resolution based on this angle was developed by Lord Rayleigh in the 19th century .
One strategy is rehearsal , or the conscious repetition of information to be remembered ( Craik & Watkins , 1973 ) .
1632 .
1549 .
4056 .
6620 .
New computer programs not only confirm many earlier classified organisms , but also uncover previously made errors .
5464 .
5102 .
2355 .
2906 .
The social costs include the private costs of production incurred by the company and the external costs of pollution that are passed on to society .
The archosaurs include modern crocodiles and alligators , and the extinct pterosaurs ( “ winged lizard ” ) and dinosaurs ( “ terrible lizard ” ) .
Art Connection 1819 .
It is important to note that although sister taxa and polytomy do share an ancestor , it does not mean that the groups of organisms split or evolved from each other .
The energy driving transpiration is the difference in energy between the water in the soil and the water in the atmosphere .
Relative humidity tells us how much water vapor is in the air compared with the maximum possible .
An individual with the appropriate number of chromosomes for their species is called euploid ; in humans , euploidy corresponds to 22 pairs of autosomes and one pair of sex chromosomes .
4162 .
In particular , the nature , place , and timing of protests — but not their substantive content — are subject to reasonable limits .
Any net force causing uniform circular motion is called a centripetal force .
In 1975 , the tau ( τ τ size 12 { τ } { } ) was discovered , and a third family of leptons emerged as seen in [ link ] ) .
3725 .
Contraction and relaxation of smooth muscles mixes the stomach contents about every 20 minutes .
Other goods are complements for each other , meaning that the goods are often used together , because consumption of one good tends to enhance consumption of the other .
After passing through the oral stage , children enter what Freud termed the anal stage ( 1–3 years ) .
A second step is to specify how competition occurs in this specific industry .
Just a few years later , however , in Gonzales v. Raich ( 2005 ) , the Supreme Court ruled that the U.S. government had the authority to criminalize the use of marijuana .
Q = ( P2 − P1 ) π r 48 η l .
The Nasdaq index , which includes many smaller technology companies , increased in value by a multiple of five from 1994 to 2000 .
The next year , Congress passed the Homeland Security Act , creating the Department of Homeland Security , which centralized control over a number of different government functions in order to better control threats at home ( [ link ] ) .
A positive slope means that two variables are positively related ; that is , when x increases , so does y , or when x decreases , y decreases also .
Taxes on international capital flows are sometimes known as Tobin taxes , named after James Tobin , the 1981 Nobel laureate in economics who proposed such a tax in a 1972 lecture .
The defeat of the South had a huge impact on the balance of power between the states and the national government in two important ways .
5836 .
Storage is the creation of a permanent record of information .
One disruptive effect , as just noted , is that immigration weighted toward low - skill workers tends to reduce wages for domestic low - skill workers .
This repressed memory might cause symptoms in other areas .
All prokaryotes have chromosomal DNA localized in a nucleoid , ribosomes , a cell membrane , and a cell wall .
Trypsin elastase , carboxypeptidase , and chymotrypsin are produced by the pancreas and released into the duodenum where they act on the chyme .
People belonging to the same age cohort were born in the same time frame .
The pancreas is an internal organ that secretes hormones that regulate blood sugar levels : insulin and glucagon .
Biofilms grow attached to surfaces .
7088 .
Electroreception has only been observed in aquatic or amphibious animals .
5343 .
1207 .
When buyers use the market price to draw inferences about the quality of products , then markets may have trouble reaching an equilibrium price and quantity .
Located in the brainstem , the locus coeruleus is the brain ’s major source of norepinephrine , a neurotransmitter that triggers the body ’s fight - or - flight response .
A system is in neutral equilibrium if its equilibrium is independent of displacements from its original position .
5213 .
On the cover of its December 31 , 1965 , issue , Time magazine , then the premier news magazine in the United States , ran a picture of John Maynard Keynes , and the story inside identified Keynesian theories as “ the prime influence on the world ’s economies . ”
Mycotoxicosis is the poisoning of humans ( and other animals ) by foods contaminated by fungal toxins ( mycotoxins ) .
Younger viewers , especially members of Generation X and Millennials , like their newscasts to be humorous .
To invoke cloture , the Senate had to get a two - thirds majority .
3825 .
Environmental racism refers to the way in which minority group neighborhoods ( populated primarily by people of color and members of low socioeconomic groups ) are burdened with a disproportionate number of hazards , including toxic waste facilities , garbage dumps , and other sources of environmental pollution and foul odors that lower the quality of life .
Hayes was a popular candidate who advocated for both “ hard money ” — an economy based upon gold currency transactions — to protect against inflationary pressures and civil service reform , that is , recruitment based upon merit and qualifications , which was to replace the practice of handing out government jobs as “ spoils . ”
1349 .
Offspring appear to be a “ blend ” of their parents ’ traits when we look at characteristics that exhibit continuous variation .
In negative punishment , you remove a pleasant stimulus to decrease behavior .
The presidency was proposed early in the Constitutional Convention in Philadelphia by Virginia ’s Edmund Randolph , as part of James Madison ’s proposal for a federal government , which became known as the Virginia Plan .
How are we expected to act ?
The familiar demand and supply diagram holds within it the concept of economic efficiency .
A DNA molecule in this form is about seven times shorter than the double helix without the histones , and the beads are about 10 nm in diameter , in contrast with the 2-nm diameter of a DNA double helix .
The Enlightenment , or the Age of Reason , was an intellectual and cultural movement in the eighteenth century that emphasized reason over superstition and science over blind faith .
In this chapter , we revisit fiscal policy , which was first covered in Welcome to Economics !
1435 .
However , the creditors charged high interest rates , making it even harder for freed people to gain economic independence .
4996 .
Cartilaginous joints are joints in which the bones are connected by cartilage .
When we hold stereotypes about a person , we tend to treat the person according to our expectations .
The person making the measurement then slowly lowers the applied pressure and listens for blood flow to resume .
Although debates over slavery and representation in Congress occupied many at the convention , the chief concern was the challenge of increasing the authority of the national government while ensuring that it did not become too powerful .
6219 .
They seem to be inherently more hazardous than conventional reactors , but it remains unknown whether their hazards can be made economically acceptable . 3246 .
In 2012 , former secretary of state Hillary Clinton was questioned about her department ’s decisions regarding the U.S. consulate in Benghazi , Libya .
Rock and roll music celebrated themes such as young love and freedom from the oppression of middle - class society .
Pancreatic juices also contain amylase , which continues the breakdown of starch and glycogen into maltose , a disaccharide .
It is involved in the formation of the flat bones of the skull , the mandible , and the clavicles .
4832 .
5692 .
Inside the multicellular sporangia , the diploid sporocytes , or mother cells , produce haploid spores by meiosis , where the 2n chromosome number is reduced to 1n ( note that many plant sporophytes are polyploid : for example , durum wheat is tetraploid , bread wheat is hexaploid , and some ferns are 1000 - ploid ) .
Domestically , the country was neither unified in their support of the treaty nor in the idea of the United States building an empire at all .
The judiciary today continues as a dual court system , with courts at both the national and state levels .
If humans were to artificially intervene and fertilize the egg of a bald eagle with the sperm of an African fish eagle and a chick did hatch , that offspring , called a hybrid ( a cross between two species ) , would probably be infertile — unable to successfully reproduce after it reached maturity .
Spain granted encomiendas — legal rights to native labor — to conquistadors who could prove their service to the crown .
William James ( 1842 – 1910 ) was the first American psychologist who espoused a different perspective on how psychology should operate ( [ link ] ) .
5624 .
Polygyny refers to a man being married to more than one woman at the same time .
3503 .
Before the 1820s , a code of deference had underwritten the republic ’s political order .
This result was nicknamed the Bradley effect , on the theory that voters who answered the poll were afraid to admit they would not vote for a black man because it would appear politically incorrect and racist .
These command - and - control environmental laws , and their amendments and updates , have been largely responsible for America ’s cleaner air and water in recent decades .
However , there are actually two types of particles in the nuclei — the proton and the neutron , referred to collectively as nucleons , the constituents of nuclei .
The president can also implement or change policy through an executive order , which offers instructions about how to implement law under his or her discretion ( [ link ] ) .
For example , forensic psychologists ( and forensic psychiatrists ) will assess a person ’s competency to stand trial , assess the state of mind of a defendant , act as consultants on child custody cases , consult on sentencing and treatment recommendations , and advise on issues such as eyewitness testimony and children ’s testimony ( American Board of Forensic Psychology , 2014 ) .
4492 .
Even if the firm has the funds , the interest rate measures the opportunity cost of purchasing business capital .
4714 .
Behaviorists such as Joseph Wolpe also influenced Ellis ’s therapeutic approach ( National Association of Cognitive - Behavioral Therapists , 2009 ) .
Someone concerned about protecting individual rights might join a group like the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) because it supports the liberties guaranteed in the U.S. Constitution , even the free expression of unpopular views.https://www.aclu.org/ ( March 1 , 2016 ) .
2603 .
1010 .
History has shown us many examples of the scapegoating of a subordinate group .
Present in small concentrations in the plasma membrane , inositol phospholipids are lipids that can also be converted into second messengers .
A molecule is a chemical structure consisting of at least two atoms held together by one or more chemical bonds .
The prominence of these protections in the Bill of Rights may seem surprising .
Impaired insulin function can lead to a condition called diabetes mellitus , the main symptoms of which are illustrated in [ link ] .
The act created the National Labor Relations Board ( NLRB ) to once again protect American workers ’ right to unionize and bargain collectively , as well as to provide a federal vehicle for labor grievances to be heard .
The ten percent plan gave a general pardon to all Southerners except high - ranking Confederate government and military leaders ; required 10 percent of the 1860 voting population in the former rebel states to take a binding oath of future allegiance to the United States and the emancipation of slaves ; and declared that once those voters took those oaths , the restored Confederate states would draft new state constitutions .
A dead zone is an area within a freshwater or marine ecosystem where large areas are depleted of their normal flora and fauna ; these zones can be caused by eutrophication , oil spills , dumping of toxic chemicals , and other human activities .
Thigmomorphogenesis is a slow developmental change in the shape of a plant subjected to continuous mechanical stress .
What is more , it also causes muscles around the bladder to contract , raising the pressure to over 100 mm Hg , accentuating the sensation .
Roosevelt ’s combination of persuasive rhetoric and the media allowed him to expand both the government and the presidency beyond their traditional roles .
Regulation falls into a number of categories , including reserve requirements , capital requirements , and restrictions on the types of investments banks may make .
As a share of GDP , the amount collected by these taxes has stayed nearly constant over time , from about 2 % of GDP in the 1960s to roughly 3 % by 2014 , according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office .
424 .
Protons and neutrons in an excited nucleus are in higher orbitals , and they fall to lower levels by photon emission ( analogous to electrons in excited atoms ) .
As Gregory Lee , CEO of Samsung said , “ Relentless pursuit of new innovation is the key principle of our business and enables consumers to discover a world of possibilities with technology . ” An innovative firm knows that it will usually have a temporary edge over its competitors and thus an ability to earn above - normal profits before competitors can catch up .
B. F. Skinner , a strict behaviorist , believed that environment was solely responsible for all behavior , including the enduring , consistent behavior patterns studied by personality theorists .
The United States produces / consumes 20 barrels of oil and 60 bushels of corn .
Often called “ food stamps , ” Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program ( SNAP ) is a federally funded program , started in 1964 , in which each month poor people receive a card like a debit card that they can use to buy food .
Founding members of the CBC include John Conyers ( D - MI ) , currently the longest - serving member of the House of Representatives , Charles Rangel ( D - NY ) , and Shirley Chisholm , a founder of the NWPC and the first African American woman to be elected to the House of Representatives ( [ link ] ) .
For the United States , perhaps the best - known regional trading agreement is the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) .
In negative reinforcement , an undesirable stimulus is removed to increase a behavior .
In a patrilocal residence system it is customary for the wife to live with ( or near ) her husband ’s blood relatives ( or family or orientation ) .
The anthropologist Jane Goodall , for example , spent nearly five decades observing the behavior of chimpanzees in Africa ( [ link ] ) .
Sugars produced in sources , such as leaves , need to be delivered to growing parts of the plant via the phloem in a process called translocation .
Such defects only account for approximately 5 percent of diseases in developed countries .
When a connective tissue has a high concentration of cells or fibers , it has proportionally a less dense matrix .
Let us now consider banked curves , where the slope of the road helps you negotiate the curve .
A handful of French Jesuit priests also made their way to Canada , intent on converting the native inhabitants to Catholicism .
Small hair - like extensions from these receptors serve as the sites for odor molecules dissolved in the mucus to interact with chemical receptors located on these extensions ( [ link ] ) .
This Munich Pact offered a policy of appeasement , in the hope that German expansionist appetites could be satisfied without war .
Once in California , gathered in camps with names like Drunkard ’s Bar , Angel ’s Camp , Gouge Eye , and Whiskeytown , the “ forty - niners ” did not find wealth so easy to come by as they had first imagined .
A karyotype is the number and appearance of chromosomes , and includes their length , banding pattern , and centromere position .
1103 .
Cells in G0 phase are not actively preparing to divide .
While the architects of the Stamp Act saw the measure as a way to defray the costs of the British Empire , it nonetheless gave rise to the first major colonial protest against British imperial control as expressed in the famous slogan “ no taxation without representation . ” The Stamp Act reinforced the sense among some colonists that Parliament was not treating them as equals of their peers across the Atlantic .
When fully compact , the pairs of identically packed chromosomes are bound to each other by cohesin proteins .
Ultraviolet means “ above violet . ”
In 1914 , the Clayton Antitrust Act outlawed mergers and acquisitions ( where the outcome would be to “ substantially lessen competition ” in an industry ) , price discrimination ( where different customers are charged different prices for the same product ) , and tied sales ( where purchase of one product commits the buyer to purchase some other product ) .
In 1898 , the Curtis Act dealt the final blow to Indian sovereignty by abolishing all tribal governments .
These buds , known as coelomic pouches , fuse to form the coelomic cavity , as they eventually separate from the endodermal layer .
Therefore , a shift in demand happens when a change in some economic factor ( other than price ) causes a different quantity to be demanded at every price .
493 .
6533 .
The Keynesian response would be contractionary fiscal policy , using tax increases or government spending cuts to shift AD to the left .
In addition to these leadership functions , there are three different leadership styles .
More than 50 percent of all health care dollars spent were being spent by the U.S. government well before the ACA was enacted .
Budding yeasts ( [ link ] ) are able to participate in a process that is similar to sexual reproduction that entails two haploid cells ( cells with one - half the normal number of chromosomes ) combining to form a diploid cell ( a cell with two sets of each chromosome , which is what normal body cells contain ) .
This model allowed that a collection of traits and skills , which could include intelligence , inherited wealth , and so on , mixed with the ability to adapt , would let all Americans rise or fall of their own accord , so long as the road to success was accessible to all . 2419 .
Conception occurs when sperm fertilizes an egg and forms a zygote ( [ link ] ) .
In addition , researchers often compare observations of the same event by multiple observers , in order to test inter - rater reliability : a measure of reliability that assesses the consistency of observations by different observers .
[ link ] shows a way of graphing the exchange of a virtual photon between two positive charges .
The second layer is called the perirenal fat capsule , which helps anchor the kidneys in place .
In short , the slope of the indifference curve changes because the marginal rate of substitution — that is , the quantity of one good that would be traded for the other good to keep utility constant — also changes , as a result of diminishing marginal utility of both goods .
One example of the violence that bubbled up was the infamous Fence Cutting War in Clay County , Texas ( 1883 – 1884 ) .
A person taking the TAT is shown 8–12 ambiguous pictures and is asked to tell a story about each picture .
Electronic transitions in atoms and molecules can also produce infrared radiation .
Civil rights pioneers adopted these measures in the 1955 – 1956 Montgomery bus boycott .
Infrared radiation ( IR ) has even lower photon energies than visible light and can not significantly alter atoms and molecules .
95 .
Second , nuclear radiation depends on the nuclide and not on the chemical compound it is in , so that a radioactive nuclide can be put into a compound designed for specific purposes .
Pleurisy results when these layers of tissue become inflamed ; it is painful because the inflammation increases the pressure within the thoracic cavity and reduces the volume of the lung .
As shown in [ link ] , the direction of magnetic field lines is defined to be the direction in which the north end of a compass needle points .
Elasticities that are less than one indicate low responsiveness to price changes and correspond to inelastic demand or inelastic supply .
1311 .
To put this in context , a trading day of three million shares was considered a busy day on the stock market .
When profit - maximizing firms in perfectly competitive markets combine with utility - maximizing consumers , something remarkable happens : the resulting quantities of outputs of goods and services demonstrate both productive and allocative efficiency ( terms that were first introduced in ( Choice in a World of Scarcity ) .
For example , a municipal bond is issued by cities , a state bond by U.S. states , and a Treasury bond by the federal government through the U.S. Department of the Treasury .
This construction allowed states to continue to decide the qualifications of voters as long as those qualifications were ostensibly race - neutral .
While third - party candidates sometimes win local or state office or even dramatize an issue for national discussion , such as when Ross Perot discussed the national debt during his campaign as an independent presidential candidate in 1992 , they never win national elections .
3979 .
Because it is produced in the cortex of the adrenal gland and affects the concentrations of minerals Na+ and K+ , aldosterone is referred to as a mineralocorticoid , a corticosteroid that affects ion and water balance .
President Lincoln moved quickly to achieve the war ’s ultimate goal : reunification of the country .
During sexual reproduction , two mating types are produced .
Because microorganisms can go through several generations in a matter of hours , their gene expression profiles adapt to the new laboratory environment very quickly .
4030 .
4417 .
For example , many people could not tell the difference in taste between common varieties of beer or cigarettes if they were blindfolded but , because of past habits and advertising , they have strong preferences for certain brands .
They created lesions in the hippocampi of the rats , and found that the rats demonstrated memory impairment on various tasks , such as object recognition and maze running .
The poll results were blasted by some in the media for being fake .
Thus , powers given to the central government were severely limited .
A tap root system penetrates deep into the soil .
Alarm reaction describes the body ’s immediate reaction upon facing a threatening situation or emergency , and it is roughly analogous to the fight - or - flight response described by Cannon .
1066 .
Richard Easterlin , an economist at the University of Southern California , wrote in 2000 :
To understand how a household will make its choices , economists look at what consumers can afford , as shown in a budget constraint line , and the total utility or satisfaction derived from those choices .
3998 .
3203 .
Consequently , land plants and closely related green algae are now part of a new monophyletic group called Streptophyta .
Analytical methods of vector addition and subtraction employ geometry and simple trigonometry rather than the ruler and protractor of graphical methods .
There are three types of cones , and each type is sensitive to different ranges of wavelengths , as illustrated in [ link ] .
The gap between the level of real GDP at the equilibrium E0 and potential GDP is called an inflationary gap .
3606 .
1210 .
A registered Green Party member , for example , is not allowed to vote in the Republican or Democratic primary .
Compulsions often include such behaviors as repeated and extensive hand washing , cleaning , checking ( e.g. , that a door is locked ) , and ordering ( e.g. , lining up all the pencils in a particular way ) , and they also include such mental acts as counting , praying , or reciting something to oneself ( [ link ] ) .
Estrogens are a group of steroid hormones produced by the ovaries that trigger the development of secondary sex characteristics in females as well as control the maturation of the ova .
While such an address may be an exercise in rhetorical inspiration , it also allows the president to set forth priorities within the overarching vision of what he or she intends to do .
The most important contributor of carbon dioxide to the atmosphere is microbial decomposition of dead material ( dead animals , plants , and humus ) that undergo respiration .
As an illustration of the types of concerns that a researcher might encounter in naturalistic observation , some scientists criticized Goodall for giving the chimps names instead of referring to them by numbers — using names was thought to undermine the emotional detachment required for the objectivity of the study ( McKie , 2010 ) .
526 .
In epistasis , the interaction between genes is antagonistic , such that one gene masks or interferes with the expression of another .
3515 .
In organisms that live in aquatic environments , pharyngeal slits allow for the exit of water that enters the mouth during feeding .
1491 .
It is estimated that 23 percent of all known marine species are mollusks ; there are over 75,000 described species , making them the second most diverse phylum of animals .
6676 .
The collapse of the markets for these assets precipitated the financial crisis and led to the failure of Lehman Brothers , a major investment bank , numerous large commercial banks , such as Wachovia , and even the Federal National Mortgage Corporation ( Fannie Mae ) , which had to be nationalized — that is , taken over by the federal government .
4540 .
Carnivores are animals that eat other animals .
The 2016 primary campaign by President Donald Trump shows that grabbing the media ’s attention with fiery partisan rhetoric can get a campaign started strong .
5364 .
For this reason , reactant molecules do n’t last long in their transition state , but very quickly proceed to the next steps of the chemical reaction .
Although there is overlap between these disciplines , scientists in these behavioral fields take different approaches .
2231 .
First , aggregate demand is not always automatically high enough to provide firms with an incentive to hire enough workers to reach full employment .
Furthermore , Native Americans are the only group of Americans who were forcibly removed en masse from the lands on which they and their ancestors had lived so that others could claim this land and its resources .
Interest group politics are often characterized by whether the groups have access to decision - makers and can participate in the policy - making process .
Plants have two distinct stages in their lifecycle : the gametophyte stage and the sporophyte stage .
Remember that reinforcement , even when it is negative , always increases a behavior .
The direction ( given by the minus sign ) of the emfis so important that it is called Lenz ’s law after the Russian Heinrich Lenz ( 1804 – 1865 ) , who , like Faraday and Henry , independently investigated aspects of induction .
The electromagnetic spectrum is the range of all possible frequencies of radiation ( [ link ] ) .
3216 .
5793 .
There is a point in the visual field called the blind spot : Even when light from a small object is focused on the blind spot , we do not see it .
1993 .
A change in the wage or salary will result in a change in the quantity demanded of labor .
2622 .
Successful social movements use three kinds of frames ( Snow and Benford 1988 ) to further their goals .
2300 .
814 .
( a ) Energy - level diagram for an atom showing the first few states , one of which is metastable .
Gomphoses occur between teeth and their sockets ; the term refers to the way the tooth fits into the socket like a peg ( [ link ] ) .
According to the National Conference of State Legislatures , at forty members , Alaska ’s is the smallest state ( or lower ) house , while New Hampshire ’s is the largest at four hundred .
Indeed , the slope along an indifference curve is referred to as the marginal rate of substitution , which is the rate at which a person is willing to trade one good for another so that utility will remain the same .
Arthropoda dominate the animal kingdom with an estimated 85 percent of known species included in this phylum and many arthropods yet undocumented .
This part of optics , where the ray aspect of light dominates , is therefore called geometric optics .
In one instance , General Gage seized munitions in Cambridge and Charlestown , but when he arrived to do the same in Salem , his troops were met by a large crowd of minutemen and had to leave empty - handed .
2478 .
It is easy to see the relationship between the voltage and the stored charge for a parallel plate capacitor , as shown in [ link ] .
Echinoderms , mollusks , worms , arthropods , and chordates arose during this period .
For instance , research by Jean Piaget ( [ link ] ) demonstrated that very young children do not demonstrate object permanence .
The plant hormone abscisic acid ( ABA ) was first discovered as the agent that causes the abscission or dropping of cotton bolls .
The narratives and visual arts of these realists could nonetheless be highly stylized , crafted , and even fabricated , since their goal was the effective portrayal of social realities they thought required reform .
Characteristics of ChordataAnimals in the phylum Chordata share four key features that appear at some stage during their development : a notochord , a dorsal hollow nerve cord , pharyngeal slits , and a post - anal tail ( [ link ] ) .
4973 .
5558 .
These requests from the federal government are referred to as unfunded mandates and are a source of dissatisfaction to political actors at the state and local level .
In 1805 , a second German religious society , led by George Rapp , took root in Pennsylvania with several hundred members called Rappites who encouraged celibacy and adhered to the socialist principle of holding all goods in common ( as opposed to allowing individual ownership ) .
Case names , written in italics , list the name of a petitioner versus a respondent , as in Roe v. Wade , for example . Roe v. Wade , 410 U.S. 113 ( 1973 ) .
1318 .
This appendix presents an alternative approach to describing personal preferences , called indifference curves , which avoids any need for using numbers to measure utility .
415 .
Soon after flowering , these plants die .
3126 .
5078 .
A second Excavata subgroup , the parabasalids , also exhibits semi - functional mitochondria .
During anaphase , the “ upward phase , ” the cohesin proteins degrade , and the sister chromatids separate at the centromere .
This method says that the percent uncertainty in a quantity calculated by multiplication or division is the sum of the percent uncertainties in the items used to make the calculation .
In grafting , two plant species are used ; part of the stem of the desirable plant is grafted onto a rooted plant called the stock .
All of the chemical reactions that take place inside cells , including those that use energy and those that release energy , are the cell ’s metabolism .
2156 .
Its size became a rallying cry for conservatives , who eventually elected Ronald Reagan president for the express purpose of reducing the bureaucracy .
This situation is shown in [ link ] .
A mechanical engineer by training , Taylor encouraged factory owners to seek efficiency and profitability over any benefits of personal interaction .
In up - regulation , the number of receptors increases in response to rising hormone levels , making the cell more sensitive to the hormone and allowing for more cellular activity .
Household decisions about the quantity of financial savings show the same underlying pattern of logic as the consumption choice decision and the labor - leisure decision .
They are akin to lines in atomic spectra , implying the energy levels of atoms are quantized .
When the macroeconomy is in equilibrium , it must be true that the aggregate expenditures in the economy are equal to the real GDP — because by definition , GDP is the measure of what is spent on final sales of goods and services in the economy .
The main tenet of Superstring theory is that fundamental particles , including the graviton that carries the gravitational force , act like one - dimensional vibrating strings .
2554 .
3595 .
Eventually , the secondary mycelium generates a basidiocarp , which is a fruiting body that protrudes from the ground — this is what we think of as a mushroom .
Among the strongest supporters of Ronald Reagan ’s campaign for president were members of the Religious Right , including Christian groups like the Moral Majority , 61 percent of whom voted for him .
A simple circuit has a single voltage source and a single resistor .
The study of viruses has led to the development of a variety of new ways to treat non - viral diseases .
The Federalists succeeded in electing their first leader , John Adams , to the presidency in 1796 , only to see the Democratic - Republicans gain victory under Thomas Jefferson four years later in 1800 .
Stated in terms of reversible processes , the second law of thermodynamics has a third form :
643 .
Each of these cone types is maximally sensitive to a slightly different wavelength of light .
So successful have QCD and the electroweak theory been that , taken together , they are called the Standard Model .
To invoke cloture , the Senate had to get a two - thirds majority .
3487 .
Polarization means that a gap has developed in the job market , with most employment opportunities at the lowest and highest levels and few jobs for those with midlevel skills and education .
When light levels are high , the pupil will constrict , or become smaller , to reduce the amount of light that enters the eye .
Ronald Reagan ’s from 1981 to 1988 was 52.8 percent , despite his winning all but thirteen electoral votes in his reelection bid .
Madeleine Albright ( a ) , the first female secretary of state , was nominated by President Bill Clinton and unanimously confirmed by the Senate 99 – 0 .
“ Gun Control . ” Pew Research Center .
For the ideal situations of these first few chapters , an object falling without air resistance or friction is defined to be in free - fall .
Anti - Federalists feared the power of the national government and believed state legislatures , with which they had more contact , could better protect their freedoms .
4473 .
In a 5 – 4 decision , the justices in the majority said the formula for placing states on the VRA preclearance list was outdated and reached into the states ’ authority to oversee elections .
The slow rate of progress led to frustration within the African American community .
6590 .
4798 .
A parasite is an organism that lives in or on another living organism and derives nutrients from it .
When imperfect information is severe and buyers and sellers are discouraged from participating , markets may become extremely thin as a relatively small number of buyer and sellers attempt to communicate enough information that they can agree on a price .
An example of this kind of leader might be an art teacher who opens the art cupboard , leaves materials on the shelves , and tells students to help themselves and make some art .
Energies produced by Van de Graaffs are insufficient to produce new particles , but they have been instrumental in exploring several aspects of the nucleus .
Lastly , three civil rights amendments — the Fifteenth , Nineteenth , and Twenty - Sixth — prevent both the states and the federal government from abridging citizens ’ right to vote based on race , sex , and age .
For example , insurance might pay for 80 % of the costs of repairing a home after a fire , but the homeowner would pay the other 20 % .
Reliability and validity are two important considerations that must be made with any type of data collection .
6112 .
In contrast , r - selected species have a large number of small offspring ( hence their r designation ( [ link ] ) .
Once in office , President Adams embraced Clay ’s American System and proposed a national university and naval academy to train future leaders of the republic .
A karyotype is the number and appearance of chromosomes , and includes their length , banding pattern , and centromere position .
Pastoral societies , such as the Maasai villagers , rely on the domestication of animals as a resource for survival .
In some soils , the B horizon contains nodules or a layer of calcium carbonate .
In a psychoanalyst ’s office , you might see a patient lying on a couch speaking of dreams or childhood memories , and the therapist using various Freudian methods such as free association and dream analysis ( [ link ] ) .
6470 .
This typically happens when fixed costs are large relative to variable costs .
3298 .
Social psychologists have tended to take the situationist perspective , whereas personality psychologists have promoted the dispositionist perspective .
Adaptation means that a trait of an organism has a function for the survival and reproduction of the individual , because it has been naturally selected .
This continuously synthesized strand is known as the leading strand .
Beliefs are the tenets or convictions that people hold to be true .
Gene therapy is used to treat genetic diseases such as severe combined immunodeficiency ( SCID ) , a heritable , recessive disease in which children are born with severely compromised immune systems .
The revival spurred many slaveholders to begin encouraging their slaves to become Christians .
1089 .
Frequency refers to the number of waves that pass a given point in a given time period and is often expressed in terms of hertz ( Hz ) , or cycles per second .
6713 .
6817 .
Likewise , people and groups that are not party to the case but are interested in its outcome may file an amicus curiae ( “ friend of the court ” ) brief giving their opinion , analysis , and recommendations about how the Court should rule .
5184 .
Glucagon raises blood glucose levels , eliciting what is called a hyperglycemic effect , by stimulating the breakdown of glycogen to glucose in skeletal muscle cells and liver cells in a process called glycogenolysis .
4086 .
Random assignment is critical for sound experimental design .
5875 .
2371 .
Some people are born deaf , which is known as congenital deafness .
3868 .
DNA polymerase is able to add nucleotides only in the 5 ' to 3 ' direction ( a new DNA strand can be only extended in this direction ) .
5004 .
Banks are allowed to make loans to businesses , individuals , and other banks .
917 .
The greater the acceleration of gravity on the body , the greater is the escape velocity .
Trait theorists believe personality can be understood via the approach that all people have certain traits , or characteristic ways of behaving .
Mexico sent troops in response , and the Mexican - American War began soon afterward .
587 .
The U.S. government has implemented a number of programs to assist those below the poverty line and those who have incomes just above the poverty line , who are referred to as the near - poor .
Although this concept will be discussed in more detail in a later chapter , a brief overview will be provided here .
A few years later , Thomas Dewey lost the 1948 presidential election to Harry Truman , despite polls showing Dewey far ahead and Truman destined to lose ( [ link ] ) .
Strigolactones promote seed germination in some species and inhibit lateral apical development in the absence of auxins .
Under U.S. trade law , if imports from a country increase to the point that they cause market disruption in the United States , as determined by the ITC , then it can also recommend a remedy for this market disruption .
A family of orientation refers to the family into which a person is born .
Anatomical dead space or anatomical shunt , arises from an anatomical failure , while physiological dead space or physiological shunt , arises from a functional impairment of the lung or arteries .
Articles of Confederation , Article XI , 1781 .
4009 .
4612 .
3760 .
You have learned since elementary school that there are four basic groupings of taste : sweet , salty , sour , and bitter .
To avoid serving in the Vietnam War , many people claimed to have a conscientious objection to military service on the basis that they believed this particular war was unwise or unjust .
It can grow on a surface , in soil or decaying material , in a liquid , or even on living tissue .
Another codon , AUG , also has a special function .
Research on cyberfeminism runs the gamut from the liberating use of blogs by women living in Iraq during the second Gulf War ( Peirce 2011 ) to an investigation of the Suicide Girls web site ( Magnet 2007 ) .
As the uncertainties of the global economy make repaying these debts , or even paying the interest on them , more challenging , nations can find themselves in trouble .
5309 .
4472 .
By 1879 , the Standard Oil Company controlled nearly 95 percent of all oil refining businesses in the country , as well as 90 percent of all the refining businesses in the world .
The eye is the major sensory organ involved in vision ( [ link ] ) .
Further upstream of the TATA box , eukaryotic promoters may also contain one or more GC - rich boxes ( GGCG ) or octamer boxes ( ATTTGCAT ) .
Nuclear decay has provided an amazing window into the realm of the very small .
The fragments in the gel are then transferred onto a nylon membrane in a procedure called blotting ( [ link ] ) .
“ Knowing the Supreme Court ?
In 1997 – 1998 , countries across eastern Asia , like Thailand , Korea , Malaysia , and Indonesia , experienced a sharp depreciation of their currencies , in some cases 50 % or more .
5792 .
The federal government does not always side with those who oppose abortion , however .
3025 .
Virginia Gray and David Lowery .
The Temporary Assistance for Needy Families ( TANF ) block grant replaced the AFDC in 1996 , marking the first time the federal government transformed an entitlement program ( which guarantees individual rights to benefits ) into a block grant .
Crittenden ’s goal was to keep the South from seceding , and his strategy was to transform the Constitution to explicitly protect slavery forever .
The vision of an American republic put forward by Paine included the idea of popular sovereignty : citizens in the republic would determine who would represent them , and decide other issues , on the basis of majority rule .
Presidential nominations to the Supreme Court sometimes go awry , as illustrated by the failed nominations of Robert Bork ( a ) , Douglas Ginsburg ( b ) , and Harriet Miers ( c ) .
When this practice was challenged by a “ feeble - minded ” woman in a state institution in Virginia , the Supreme Court , in the 1927 case of Buck v. Bell , upheld the right of state governments to sterilize those people believed likely to have children who would become dependent upon public welfare .
Sociologically , we examine in what situation and context certain behavior is expected , and in which situations perhaps it is not .
5257 .
For example , the forest with the pine trees includes populations of flowering plants and also insects and microbial populations .
The final type , acting crowds , focuses on a specific goal or action , such as a protest movement or riot .
The hyoid bone lies below the mandible in the front of the neck .
With the onset of the Great Depression in 1929 , the United States faced record levels of unemployment and the associated fall into poverty , food shortages , and general desperation .
By this time , war with Great Britain had already begun , following skirmishes between colonial militiamen and British troops at Lexington and Concord , Massachusetts .
6554 .
4244 .
The revocation of voting rights , or disenfranchisement , took a number of forms ; not every southern state used the same methods , and some states used more than one , but they all disproportionately affected black voter registration and turnout .
1816 .
3677 .
Transition substitution refers to a purine or pyrimidine being replaced by a base of the same kind ; for example , a purine such as adenine may be replaced by the purine guanine .
Together with his running mate , Calvin Coolidge , the governor of Massachusetts , they attracted the votes of many Americans who sought Harding ’s promised return to normalcy .
The BLS also calculates several price indices that are not based on baskets of consumer goods .
6772 .
A second broad reason that intra - industry trade between similar nations produces economic gains involves economies of scale .
The chyme produced from the stomach is highly acidic in nature ; the pancreatic juices contain high levels of bicarbonate , an alkali that neutralizes the acidic chyme .
Like Alzheimer ’s disease , Parkinson ’s disease is a neurodegenerative disease .
Fiber optics employs the transmission of light down fibers of plastic or glass .
Both fat - soluble and water - soluble vitamins must be obtained from food .
Sociologists study social events , interactions , and patterns , and they develop a theory in an attempt to explain why things work as they do .
The anti - gay marriage movement is an example of diagnostic framing with its uncompromising insistence that marriage is only between a man and a woman .
4161 .
6071 .
These include good conductors like copper and aluminum , and some poor conductors under certain circumstances .
5315 . is a revolutionary movement .
It was only in the McDonald v. Chicago case two years later that the Supreme Court incorporated the Second Amendment into state law .
The term avidity describes binding by antibody classes that are secreted as joined , multivalent structures ( such as IgM and IgA ) .
The nuclear DNA duplicates by the process of mitosis , which creates an exact replica of the genetic material .
Atomic spectra remain an important analytical tool today .
6476 .
Although still functional , these are considered false coeloms , and those animals are called pseudocoelomates .
In deliberately setting out to create a new direction and new orientation for psychology , Seligman helped establish a growing movement and field of research called positive psychology ( Compton , 2005 ) .
Among these was the Chicago Race Riot of 1919 , where a white mob stoned a young black boy to death because he swam too close to the “ white beach ” on Lake Michigan .
2805 .
Sociologists distinguish subcultures from countercultures , which are a type of subculture that rejects some of the larger culture ’s norms and values .
As the name suggests , biopsychology explores how our biology influences our behavior .
In 1831 , some 12 years after Oersted ’s discovery , the English scientist Michael Faraday ( 1791 – 1862 ) and the American scientist Joseph Henry ( 1797 – 1878 ) independently demonstrated that magnetic fields can produce currents .
This waxy region , known as the Casparian strip , forces water and solutes to cross the plasma membranes of endodermal cells instead of slipping between the cells .
Suggestibility describes the effects of misinformation from external sources that leads to the creation of false memories .
There are many types of sensory receptors located in the skin , each attuned to specific touch - related stimuli .
An epiphyte is a plant that grows on other plants , but is not dependent upon the other plant for nutrition ( [ link ] ) .
Regionally , Roosevelt ’s work was most famously seen in the Tennessee Valley Authority ( TVA ) ( [ link ] ) , a federal agency tasked with the job of planning and developing the area through flood control , reforestation , and hydroelectric power .
The first such tax to draw the ire of colonists was the Stamp Act , passed in 1765 , which required that almost all paper goods , such as diplomas , land deeds , contracts , and newspapers , have revenue stamps placed on them .
Van de Graaff generators ( or Van de Graaffs ) are not only spectacular devices used to demonstrate high voltage due to static electricity — they are also used for serious research .
The introduction refers to the published scientific work of others and therefore requires citations following the style of the journal .
1037 .
The first stage is the sensorimotor stage , which lasts from birth to about 2 years old .
As the federal bureaucracy expanded , so too did the president ’s power to grow agencies like the Secret Service and the Federal Bureau of Investigation .
4096 .
Visit this site for an engaging video primer on the epigenetics of twin studies .
In a sample of Type As and Type Bs , Friedman and Rosenman were startled to discover that heart disease was over seven times more frequent among the Type As than the Type Bs ( Friedman & Rosenman , 1959 ) .
Ammonia can be used by plants or converted to other forms . Another source of ammonia is ammonification , the process by which ammonia is released during the decomposition of nitrogen - containing organic compounds .
327 .
4111 .
According to the law of effect , behaviors that are followed by consequences that are satisfying to the organism are more likely to be repeated , and behaviors that are followed by unpleasant consequences are less likely to be repeated ( Thorndike , 1911 ) .
Turbulent flow , or turbulence , is characterized by eddies and swirls that mix layers of fluid together .
Perhaps the first to recognize the link between depression and heart disease was Benjamin Malzberg ( 1937 ) , who found that the death rate among institutionalized patients with melancholia ( an archaic term for depression ) was six times higher than that of the population .
Microphylls are present in the club mosses and probably preceded the development of megaphylls , or “ big leaves ” , which are larger leaves with a pattern of branching veins .
Another way to deposit savings at a bank is to use a certificate of deposit ( CD ) .
As Europeans traversed the Atlantic , they brought with them plants , animals , and diseases that changed lives and landscapes on both sides of the ocean .
Decay modes of nuclides out of the region of stability consistently produce nuclides closer to the region of stability .
On the other hand , if you observed the model being punished , you would be less motivated to copy her .
His stand against what bank opponents called the “ monster bank ” proved very popular , and the Democratic press lionized him for it ( [ link ] ) .
703 .
The auditory cortex , the main area responsible for processing auditory information , is located within the temporal lobe .
1085 .
Cognitive development involves learning , attention , memory , language , thinking , reasoning , and creativity .
A social norm is a group ’s expectation of what is appropriate and acceptable behavior for its members — how they are supposed to behave and think ( Deutsch & Gerard , 1955 ; Berkowitz , 2004 ) .
5214 .
Many countries around the world have experienced this kind of recession in recent years : along with Turkey in 2002 , this general pattern was followed by Mexico in 1995 , Thailand and countries across East Asia in 1997 – 1998 , Russia in 1998 , and Argentina in 2002 .
A 2015 poll of more than three thousand young adults by Harvard University ’s Institute of Politics revealed that only 22 percent claimed to be politically engaged , and fewer than 10 percent said that they belonged to any type of political organization or had volunteered for a political campaign .
Any heat engine employing the Carnot cycle is called a Carnot engine .
The criteria for entering into the VBNC state are not completely understood .
Searches for dark matter in this form are particularly interested in galactic halos because of the huge amount of mass that seems to be there .
Given enough time , the genetic and phenotypic divergence between populations will affect characters that influence reproduction : if individuals of the two populations were to be brought together , mating would be less likely , but if mating occurred , offspring would be non - viable or infertile .
The second main characteristic of a public good , that it is nonrivalrous , means that when one person uses the public good , another can also use it .
3464 .
Various states railed against the nationalization of power that had been going on since the late 1700s .
A molecule is a chemical structure consisting of at least two atoms held together by one or more chemical bonds .
1137 .
More recently , Justice Clarence Thomas argued in the 2010 McDonald v. Chicago ruling that the individual right to bear arms applied to the states because of this clause .
During and after translation , individual amino acids may be chemically modified , signal sequences may be appended , and the new protein “ folds ” into a distinct three - dimensional structure as a result of intramolecular interactions .
Matter is any substance that occupies space and has mass .
Scarification , which includes mechanical or chemical processes to soften the seed coat , is often employed before germination .
Keyssar , 174 .
When the C - TCB was compared with the TAT for African Americans , it was found that use of the C - TCB led to increased story length , higher degrees of positive feelings , and stronger identification with the C - TCB ( Hoy , 1997 ; Hoy - Watkins & Jenkins - Moore , 2008 ) .
This process is called organogenesis .
Although ads , especially those run by super PACs , continue to be negative , candidates can no longer dodge responsibility for them .
Lake , again using the conditioned reconstruction algorithm , proposes a ring - like model in which species of all three domains — Archaea , Bacteria , and Eukarya — evolved from a single pool of gene - swapping prokaryotes .
In his 1865 publication , Mendel reported the results of his crosses involving seven different characteristics , each with two contrasting traits .
While Article II also states that the term of office is four years and does not expressly limit the number of times a person might be elected president , after Franklin D. Roosevelt was elected four times ( from 1932 to 1944 ) , the Twenty - Second Amendment was proposed and ratified , limiting the presidency to two four - year terms .
Whereas individuals with damage to Broca ’s area have difficulty producing language , those with damage to Wernicke ’s area can produce sensible language , but they are unable to understand it ( [ link ] ) .
1262 .
4552 .
1271 .
Conformity is the extent to which an individual complies with group norms or expectations .
The carbon atoms of the sugar molecule are numbered as 1′ , 2′ , 3′ , 4′ , and 5′ ( 1′ is read as “ one prime ” ) .
As [ link ] shows , the electromagnetic spectrum encompasses all of the electromagnetic radiation that occurs in our environment and includes gamma rays , x - rays , ultraviolet light , visible light , infrared light , microwaves , and radio waves .
The social withdrawal that Cummings and Henry recognized ( 1961 ) , and its notion that elderly people need to find replacement roles for those they ’ve lost , is addressed anew in activity theory .
4567 .
Fluids , like fish fumes or odors entering ice cubes , can even diffuse through solids .
5495 .
In the 2016 presidential election , Republican voters in the early primaries were presented with a number of options , including Mike Huckabee , Donald Trump , Jeb Bush , Ted Cruz , Marco Rubio , John Kasich , Chris Christie , Carly Fiorina , Ben Carson , and more .
Synovial joints are the only joints that have a space between the adjoining bones ( [ link ] ) .
4358 .
For example , we may survey a group of individuals about their dietary habits at age 20 , retest them a decade later at age 30 , and then again at age 40 .
Investigating the Black / White Earnings GapBlacks experienced blatant labor market discrimination during much of the twentieth century .
Systolic pressure increases dramatically during exercise to increase blood flow and returns to normal afterward .
Flowering plants evolved from a common ancestor .
Ernesto Miranda , arrested for kidnapping and rape , which are violations of state law , was easily convicted and sentenced to prison after a key piece of evidence — his own signed confession — was presented at trial in the Arizona court .
753 .
499 .
263 .
After debating at length over whether the Virginia Plan or the New Jersey Plan provided the best model for the nation ’s legislature , the framers of the Constitution had ultimately arrived at what is called the Great Compromise , suggested by Roger Sherman of Connecticut .
At any other price , the quantity demanded does not equal the quantity supplied , so the market is not in equilibrium at that price .
In order to find another haploid yeast cell that is prepared to mate , budding yeasts secrete a signaling molecule called mating factor .
The thalamus is a sensory relay for the brain .
Why do we have two parties ?
Andrew Jackson employed the veto as a measure of policy to block legislative initiatives with which he did not agree and acted unilaterally when it came to depositing federal funds in several local banks around the country instead of in the Bank of the United States .
After presenting people with this and various other moral dilemmas , Kohlberg reviewed people ’s responses and placed them in different stages of moral reasoning ( [ link ] ) .
However , adjustments of wages to productivity levels will not happen quickly or smoothly .
How do mental health professionals ascertain whether or not a person ’s inner states and behaviors truly represent a psychological disorder ?
For example , a person may work from 7:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. on Monday , 3:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m. on Tuesday , and 11:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. on Wednesday .
This theory originated with University of California – Berkeley professor Aaron Wildavsky and suggests that there are two distinct presidencies , one for foreign policy and one for domestic policy , and that presidents are more successful in foreign than domestic policy .
4385 .
AARP , for example , offers discounts on hotel accommodations and insurance rates for its members , while dues are very low , so they can actually save money by joining .
351 .
5368 .
Among the founders , Thomas Jefferson especially was an advocate of isolationism or non - involvement .
There are two types of cartilaginous joints : synchondroses and symphyses .
These three insights seldom lead to simple or obvious political conclusions .
After two unsuccessful Republican primary bids in 1968 and 1976 , Reagan won the presidency in 1980 .
With two deceptively simple postulates and a careful consideration of how measurements are made , he produced the theory of special relativity . Einstein ’s First Postulate
A hormone called gastric inhibitory peptide is secreted by the small intestine to slow down the peristaltic movements of the intestine to allow fatty foods more time to be digested and absorbed .
For example , wearing flip - flops to an opera or swearing loudly in church may draw disapproving looks or even verbal reprimands , whereas behavior that is seen as positive — such as helping an old man carry grocery bags across the street — may receive positive informal reactions , such as a smile or pat on the back .
RNA polymerase III is also located in the nucleus .
71 .
The fourth T - shirt is just to something to wear when all his other clothes are in the wash and yields only 18 additional utils .
When firms act together in this way to reduce output and keep prices high , it is called collusion .
7006 .
Essentially , any disruptive shift in the status quo , be it intentional or random , human - caused or natural , can lead to social change .
5208 .
Other organisms , such as animals , fungi , and most other bacteria , are termed heterotrophs ( “ other feeders ” ) , because they must rely on the sugars produced by photosynthetic organisms for their energy needs .
6823 .
Plasma membranes must allow certain substances to enter and leave a cell , and prevent some harmful materials from entering and some essential materials from leaving .
4750 .
Negative ions are formed by gaining electrons and are called anions .
This is known as effortful processing ( [ link ] ) .
In the United States , human factors psychology has origins in both psychology and engineering ; this is reflected in the early contributions of Lillian Gilbreth ( psychologist and engineer ) and her husband Frank Gilbreth ( engineer ) .
A grazing food web ( such as the Lake Ontario food web in [ link ] ) has plants or other photosynthetic organisms at its base , followed by herbivores and various carnivores .
2179 .
Thomas and Hrebenar , “ Interest Groups in the States , ” 1991 , 1996 , 1999 , 2004 ; Thomas and Hrebenar , “ Nationalization of Interest Groups and Lobbying in the States . ”
3481 .
The host is usually weakened by the parasite as it siphons resources the host would normally use to maintain itself .
The process of testing for suspected genetic defects before administering treatment is called genetic diagnosis by genetic testing .
3790 .
Both electrolytes and non - electrolytes contribute to the osmotic balance .
This syndrome has received a lot of publicity , particularly as it relates to memories of events that do not have independent witnesses — often the only witnesses to the abuse are the perpetrator and the victim ( e.g. , sexual abuse ) .
The net worth is the asset value minus how much is owed ( the liability ) .
Cells that a virus may use to replicate are called permissive .
Article I , Section 8 , of the U.S. Constitution details the enumerated powers of the legislature .
In seed plants , the evolutionary trend led to a dominant sporophyte generation , and at the same time , a systematic reduction in the size of the gametophyte : from a conspicuous structure to a microscopic cluster of cells enclosed in the tissues of the sporophyte .
For example , Microsoft in the early 2000s had a dominant share of the software for computer operating systems .
It also contains the hippocampus ( Greek for “ seahorse ” ) — a structure that processes memory formation .
In the days after , it was revealed that only three members of the town ’s fifty - three - member police force were black ( Nobles and Bosman 2014 ) .
Projectile motion is the motion of an object thrown or projected into the air , subject to only the acceleration of gravity .
Add to that the long hours , the use of child labor , and exposure to extreme conditions of heat , cold , and toxic chemicals , and it is no wonder that Marx and Engels referred to capitalism , which is a way of organizing an economy so that the things that are used to make and transport products ( such as land , oil , factories , ships , etc . )
In amphibians , gas exchange also occurs through the skin during pulmonary circulation and is referred to as pulmocutaneous circulation .
The absorption of a single photon or distinct quantity or “ packet ” of light by any of the chlorophylls pushes that molecule into an excited state .
Recall from the introductory chapter that Sigmund Freud had lots of interesting ideas to explain various human behaviors ( [ link ] ) .
These individuals are easily distracted , which can make a conversation very difficult .
A demand curve or a supply curve is a relationship between two , and only two , variables : quantity on the horizontal axis and price on the vertical axis .
The National Commission on Voting Rights completed a study in September 2015 that found state registration laws can either raise or reduce voter turnout rates , especially among citizens who are young or whose income falls below the poverty line .
1406 .
Coffee shops use coffee as a key input , but they have no control over the world market price of coffee .
U.S. sugar farmers are likely to argue that , if only they could be protected from sugar imported from Brazil , the United States would have higher domestic sugar production , more jobs in the sugar industry , and American sugar farmers would receive a higher price .
This arboreal heritage of primates has resulted in hands and feet that are adapted for brachiation , or climbing and swinging through trees .
When cAMP binds to CAP , the complex binds to the promoter region of the genes that are needed to use the alternate sugar sources ( [ link ] ) .
236 .
5641 .
An adult belching loudly is avoided .
This membrane allows smaller molecules and molecules without an electrical charge to pass through it , while stopping larger or highly charged molecules .
4976 .
A conservative force is one , like the gravitational force , for which work done by or against it depends only on the starting and ending points of a motion and not on the path taken .
It contains a pair of centrioles , two structures that lie perpendicular to each other ( [ link ] ) .
5123 .
3678 .
An EST is a short STS that is identified with cDNA libraries , while SSLPs are obtained from known genetic markers and provide a link between genetic maps and physical maps . 607 .
A demand curve shows the relationship between price and quantity demanded on a graph like [ link ] , with quantity on the horizontal axis and the price per gallon on the vertical axis .
Parental types are progeny that exhibit the same allelic combination as their parents .
The New York Stock Exchange , shown in [ link ] , is a prime example of market in which buyers and sellers are brought together .
Postganglionic neurons then release norepinephrine onto target organs .
After the zygote divides for about 7–10 days and has 150 cells , it travels down the fallopian tubes and implants itself in the lining of the uterus .
Neurons usually have one or two axons , but some neurons , like amacrine cells in the retina , do not contain any axons .
This general effect is called surface tension .
These are only two of many examples of pressures in fluids .
2258 .
1446 .
Instead , the justices took the novel approach of upholding the law based on the Congress ’s enumerated power to tax , rather than the commerce clause .
801 .
6458 .
Dermal tissue covers and protects the plant , and vascular tissue transports water , minerals , and sugars to different parts of the plant .
More complex animals ( those with bilateral symmetry ) develop three tissue layers : an inner layer ( endoderm ) , an outer layer ( ectoderm ) , and a middle layer ( mesoderm ) .
Pew Research Center , 2015 .
Frictional unemployment is not inherently a bad thing .
In their campaigns , Roosevelt and Wilson formulated competing Progressive platforms .
6836 .
They are all members of the underground economy , a loosely defined unregulated market unhindered by taxes , government permits , or human protections .
The supply schedule and the supply curve are just two different ways of showing the same information .
Note that although BMI has been used as a healthy weight indicator by the World Health Organization ( WHO ) , the CDC , and other groups , its value as an assessment tool has been questioned .
A sleep spindle is a rapid burst of higher frequency brain waves that may be important for learning and memory ( Fogel & Smith , 2011 ; Poe , Walsh , & Bjorness , 2010 ) .
Lottie remained in China through famines , the Boxer Rebellion , and other hardships .
745 .
615 .
Most traits are controlled by multiple genes , but some traits are controlled by one gene .
593 .
Furthermore , some bacteria will die during the experiment and thus not reproduce , lowering the growth rate .
A second class of early - acting cytokines is interferons , which are released by infected cells as a warning to nearby uninfected cells .
This process is called judicial implementation .
Following the Declaration of Independence , each of the thirteen states had drafted and ratified a constitution providing for a republican form of government in which political power rested in the hands of the people , although the right to vote was limited to free ( white ) men , and the property requirements for voting differed among the states .
Neoclassical economists will not tend to see aggregate demand as a useful tool for reducing unemployment ; after all , if economic output is determined by a vertical aggregate supply curve , then aggregate demand has no long - run effect on unemployment .
A variation on incomplete dominance is codominance , in which both alleles for the same characteristic are simultaneously expressed in the heterozygote .
Another milestone , called break - even , occurs when the fusion power produced equals the heating power input .
Lincoln had approved of the bureau , giving it a charter for one year .
The red line measures U.S. GDP in nominal dollars .
The Court typically accepts fewer than 2 percent of the as many as ten thousand cases it is asked to review every year .
As part of the 1913 legislation that created the Federal Reserve , Congress delegated these powers to the Fed .
4021 .
All judges and justices in the national courts serve lifetime terms of office .
However , only five states sent representatives .
Advances in knowledge are expected to modify , but not overthrow , the Standard Model of particle physics and forces .
We saw above that pluralists even argued that assembling in groups is natural and that people will gravitate toward others with similar views .
The degree of accuracy and precision of a measuring system are related to the uncertainty in the measurements .
For example , you have the right to trade your knowledge , skills , and labor for money through work or the use of your property , or trade money or goods for other things of value , such as clothing , housing , education , or food .
For example , at your college or university , the student guidelines are contained within the Student Handbook .
In polyandrous mating systems , one female mates with many males .
With trade , the United States can consume more of both goods than it did without specialization and trade .
These adaptations include , but are not limited to : 1 ) a rotating shoulder joint , 2 ) a big toe that is widely separated from the other toes and thumbs , which are widely separated from fingers ( except humans ) , which allow for gripping branches , 3 ) stereoscopic vision , two overlapping fields of vision from the eyes , which allows for the perception of depth and gauging distance .
3442 .
People with dissociative identity disorder exhibit two or more separate personalities or identities , each well - defined and distinct from one another .
It is primarily involved in vision — seeing , recognizing , and identifying the visual world .
It is precisely stated in Newton ’s third law of motion .
3439 .
Attempts at African American disenfranchisement continued until the civil rights struggle of the 1960s finally brought about the Voting Rights Act of 1965 .
In this situation , the higher interest rates from the government borrowing would be made even higher by contractionary monetary policy , and the government borrowing might crowd out a great deal of private investment .
The bond has a face value .
5965 .
The fact that 78 percent of U.S. adults recently said religion is fairly to very important to their lives
Instead of existing as a “ class in itself , ” the proletariat must become a “ class for itself ” in order to produce social change ( Marx and Engels 1848 ) , meaning that instead of just being an inert strata of society , the class could become an advocate for social improvements .
Arizona v. United States , 567 U.S. _ ( 2012 ) .
4694 .
Developmental psychologists are interested in processes related to physical maturation .
228 .
He argued that how an individual comes to view himself or herself is based to a very large extent on interactions with others .
This act granted religious tolerance to nonconformist Trinitarian Protestants ( those who believed in the Holy Trinity of God the Father , Son , and Holy Ghost ) , such as Baptists ( those who advocated adult baptism ) and Congregationalists ( those who followed the Puritans ’ lead in creating independent churches ) .
The SCN is a cluster of cells that is considered to be the body ’s internal clock , which controls our circadian ( day - long ) cycle .
369 .
The barrier is therefore not as thick for more energetic decay , and the exponential decrease of the wave function inside the barrier is not as great .
Individuals suffering from anorexia nervosa often have a distorted body image , referenced in literature as a type of body dysmorphia , meaning that they view themselves as overweight even though they are not .
Firms are said to be in perfect competition when the following conditions occur : ( 1 ) many firms produce identical products ; ( 2 ) many buyers are available to buy the product , and many sellers are available to sell the product ; ( 3 ) sellers and buyers have all relevant information to make rational decisions about the product being bought and sold ; and ( 4 ) firms can enter and leave the market without any restrictions — in other words , there is free entry and exit into and out of the market .
1487 .
In fact , a recent Oxfam ( 2014 ) report that suggested the richest eighty - five people in the world are worth more than the poorest 3.5 billion combined .
1659 .
3583 .
1407 .
In March 2015 , the governor of Virginia , Terry McAuliffe , and the mayor of Chicago , Rahm Emanuel , both sent letters to corporate heads in Indiana after controversy erupted around the passage of that state ’s Religious Freedom Restoration Act .
Control rods help prevent overheating , perhaps even a meltdown or explosive disassembly . 3245 .
At point A on the budget constraint line , by working 40 hours a week , 50 weeks a year , the utility - maximizing choice is to work a total of 2,000 hours per year and earn $ 16,000 .
5519 .
These quark flavors are named up ( u ) , down ( d ) , and strange ( s ) .
Ectomycorrhizae ( “ outside ” mycorrhiza ) depend on fungi enveloping the roots in a sheath ( called a mantle ) and a Hartig net of hyphae that extends into the roots between cells ( [ link ] ) .
The inspiratory capacity ( IC ) is the amount of air that can be inhaled after the end of a normal expiration .
Inside the cochlea , the basilar membrane is a mechanical analyzer that runs the length of the cochlea , curling toward the cochlea ’s center .
An instrumental leader is one who is goal - oriented and largely concerned with accomplishing set tasks .
Like bulimia nervosa , anorexia nervosa is associated with a number of significant negative health outcomes : bone loss , heart failure , kidney failure , amenorrhea ( cessation of the menstrual period ) , reduced function of the gonads , and in extreme cases , death .
1714 .
Large , dominant alpha males obtain mates by brute force , while small males can sneak in for furtive copulations with the females in an alpha male ’s territory .
Perception involves both bottom - up and top - down processing .
After reaching maturity , the diploid sporophyte produces spores by meiosis , which in turn divide by mitosis to produce the haploid gametophyte .
This is the most powerful partial reinforcement schedule .
In markets for financial capital , the elasticity of savings — that is , the percentage change in the quantity of savings divided by the percentage change in interest rates — will describe the shape of the supply curve for financial capital .
Highways are often developed through distributive policy .
Of the many ways in which the chief executive ’s power grew over the first several decades , the most significant was the expansion of presidential war powers .
By being blind to which child is in which group , we protect against those biases .
1937 .
1274 .
The discovery of gold at Sutter ’s Mill in Coloma , California , set a pattern for such strikes that was repeated again and again for the next decade , in what collectively became known as the California Gold Rush .
6185 .
You will quickly see that quantifying this diversity is fraught with challenges and limitations .
Just as in atomic and nuclear physics , we have found a complex array of particles and properties with systematic characteristics analogous to the periodic table and the chart of nuclides . 3247 .
5816 .
In addition , since 1990 , twenty - one states have passed state RFRAs that include the Sherbert test in state law , and state court decisions in eleven states have enshrined the Sherbert test ’s compelling governmental interest interpretation of the free exercise clause into state law .
Rumination is the repetitive and passive focus on the fact that one is depressed and dwelling on depressed symptoms , rather that distracting one ’s self from the symptoms or attempting to address them in an active , problem - solving manner ( Nolen - Hoeksema , 1991 ) .
While these gentry were drafting their grievances during the Stamp Act Congress , other colonists showed their distaste for the new act by boycotting British goods and protesting in the streets .
Turtles are characterized by a bony or cartilaginous shell .
Genomics is the study of entire genomes , including the complete set of genes , their nucleotide sequence and organization , and their interactions within a species and with other species .
3911 .
Roosevelt campaigned on the promise of New Nationalism , a charge that he said required a vigorous and powerful federal government to protect public interests .
906 .
This is antielectron or positron decay ( see [ link ] ) .
An adaptive radiation is a rapid ( less than three million years in the case of the Lake Victoria cichlids ) branching through speciation of a phylogenetic tree into many closely related species ; typically , the species “ radiate ” into different habitats and niches .
At the end of each duct are approximately 100 alveolar sacs , each containing 20 to 30 alveoli that are 200 to 300 microns in diameter .
This perspective focuses on how healthy people develop .
Genetic engineering is the alteration of an organism ’s genotype using recombinant DNA technology to modify an organism ’s DNA to achieve desirable traits .
Rather , they are oligopolies .
The Creek , Choctaw , Chickasaw , and Seminole peoples were also compelled to go .
870 .
3333 .
However , in the total market for all computer software and services , including everything from games to scientific programs , the Microsoft share was only about 14 % in 2014 .
Men like Malcolm X , the leader of the Nation of Islam , and groups like the Black Panthers were willing to use violence to achieve their goals ( [ link ] ) .
Why are unemployment rates continually higher in certain economies , through good economic years and bad ?
Blood glucose levels increase as most tissues are utilizing fatty acids instead of glucose for their energy needs .
Democratic primary candidate Bernie Sanders arrived in Seattle on August 8 , 2015 , to give a speech at a rally to promote his presidential campaign .
Deposit insurance is an insurance system that makes sure depositors in a bank do not lose their money , even if the bank goes bankrupt .
97 .
Although they are vertebrates , a complete lack of limbs leads to their resemblance to earthworms in appearance .
In tetrapods , the slits are modified into components of the ear and tonsils .
He also viewed masturbation and excessive sex as a cause of disease and debility .
1080 .
Physical characteristics that are quantized — such as energy , charge , and angular momentum — are of such importance that names and symbols are given to them .
While the enumerated powers define the policy areas in which the national government has authority , the elastic clause allows it to create the legal means to fulfill those responsibilities .
Osmoregulation is the process of maintenance of salt and water balance ( osmotic balance ) across membranes within the body ’s fluids , which are composed of water , plus electrolytes and non - electrolytes .
Rods are more sensitive than cones by a factor of about 1000 and are solely responsible for peripheral vision as well as vision in very dark environments .
An early model of the atom was developed in 1913 by Danish scientist Niels Bohr ( 1885 – 1962 ) .
There are three forms of this test for use with different age groups : the school form , the college form , and the adult form . 3312 .
The synapse is a very small space between two neurons and is an important site where communication between neurons occurs .
Many statutes affect what the government can do in the foreign policy realm , including the National Security Act , the Patriot Act , the Homeland Security Act , and the War Powers Resolution .
In mitosis , homologous chromosomes line up end - to - end so that when they divide , each daughter cell receives a sister chromatid from both members of the homologous pair .
Into the early twentieth century , written work was frequently banned as being obscene , including works by noted authors such as James Joyce and Henry Miller , although today it is rare for the courts to uphold obscenity charges for written material alone .
Here , the energy from the sound wave is transferred from the stapes through the flexible oval window and to the fluid of the cochlea .
The bill was supported by Presidents John F. Kennedy and Lyndon Johnson , both of whom were Democrats .
4361 .
The integral proteins involved in facilitated transport are collectively referred to as transport proteins , and they function as either channels for the material or carriers .
A holistic model — which accounts for all the interactions between different species and their complex interconnected relationships with each other and with the environment — is a more accurate and descriptive model for ecosystems .
The victories of the Rough Riders are the best known part of the battles , but in fact , several African American regiments , made up of veteran soldiers , were instrumental to their success .
See Benjamin Marquez . 1993 .
5993 .
This rule , known as the consumer equilibrium , can be written in algebraic form :
The law , which raised tariffs on thousands of imports , was intended to increase sales of American - made goods , but predictably angered foreign trade partners who in turn raised their tariffs on American imports , thus shrinking international trade and closing additional markets to desperate American manufacturers .
5986 .
In Jamaica and elsewhere , runaway slaves created maroon communities , groups that resisted recapture and eked out a living from the land , rebuilding their communities as best they could .
According to the law of conservation of matter , the number of atoms before and after a chemical reaction should be equal , such that no atoms are , under normal circumstances , created or destroyed .
The economist Alexander Gerschenkron ( 1904 – 1978 ) gave this phenomenon a memorable name : “ the advantages of backwardness . ”
Osmoregulation is the process of maintenance of salt and water balance ( osmotic balance ) across membranes within the body ’s fluids , which are composed of water , plus electrolytes and non - electrolytes .
When the war began , the Department of War absorbed the program and adapted it to train combat pilots .
In positive punishment , you add an undesirable stimulus to decrease a behavior .
To compare other notable presidents , John F. Kennedy averaged 70.1 percent and Richard Nixon 49 percent . Gallup .
In some axons , glial cells form a fatty substance known as the myelin sheath , which coats the axon and acts as an insulator , increasing the speed at which the signal travels .
In the equation of a line presented above , x and y are the variables , with x on the horizontal axis and y on the vertical axis , and b and m representing factors that determine the shape of the line .
The New Deal changed the relationship Americans had with the national government .
1340 .
When a country decides to alter the market exchange rate , it faces a number of tradeoffs .
Formylated methionine is inserted by
A disability is defined as a physical or mental impairment that limits one or more major life activities such as hearing , walking , and breathing .
The chordates are named for the notochord , which is a flexible , rod - shaped structure that is found in the embryonic stage of all chordates and in the adult stage of some chordate species .
1300 .
Another important reform occurred in 2002 , when Senators John McCain ( R - AZ ) and Russell Feingold ( D - WI ) drafted , and Congress passed , the Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act ( BCRA ) , also referred to as the McCain - Feingold Act .
723 .
1536 .
The profit trend has since continued to increase each year , though at a less steady or consistent rate .
A portal system carries blood from one capillary network to another ; therefore , the hypophyseal portal system allows hormones produced by the hypothalamus to be carried directly to the anterior pituitary without first entering the circulatory system . The anterior pituitary produces seven hormones : growth hormone ( GH ) , prolactin ( PRL ) , thyroid - stimulating hormone ( TSH ) , melanin - stimulating hormone ( MSH ) , adrenocorticotropic hormone ( ACTH ) , follicle - stimulating hormone ( FSH ) , and luteinizing hormone ( LH ) .
One common form of mate choice , called assortative mating , is an individual ’s preference to mate with partners who are phenotypically similar to themselves .
The simplest example of this is a reflex action , an involuntary and rapid response to stimulus .
This phenomenon of “ stagflation ” — a term that combined the economic conditions of stagnation and inflation — outlived the Nixon administration , enduring into the early 1980s .
1244 .
With the authoritative style , the parent gives reasonable demands and consistent limits , expresses warmth and affection , and listens to the child ’s point of view .
Later dubbed the Monroe Doctrine , this declaration of principles laid the foundation for the growth of American power in the twentieth century .
1099 .
In order to neutralize the acidic chyme , a hormone called secretin stimulates the pancreas to produce alkaline bicarbonate solution and deliver it to the duodenum .
This is precisely the situation that Charles Darwin describes in the theory of evolution by natural selection ( [ link ] ) .
With a stated goal of bolstering national security in the fledgling republic , this change meant that the Confederacy could arrest and detain indefinitely any suspected enemy without giving a reason .
Once female journalists held these assignments , they feared writing about women ’s issues .
2903 .
4000 .
In the 1970s , Herbert Benson , a cardiologist , developed a stress reduction method called the relaxation response technique ( Greenberg , 2006 ) .
Osteons are cylindrical structures that contain a mineral matrix and living osteocytes connected by canaliculi , which transport blood .
A taste bud is a cluster of gustatory receptors ( taste cells ) that are located within the bumps on the tongue called papillae ( singular : papilla ) ( illustrated in [ link ] ) .
The layer of tissue that covers the lung and dips into spaces is called the visceral pleura .
Smell lets an animal sense the presence of food or other animals — whether potential mates , predators , or prey — or other chemicals in the environment that can impact their survival .
The cytoplasm is the entire region of a cell between the plasma membrane and the nuclear envelope ( a structure to be discussed shortly ) .
Such mutations may be of two types : induced or spontaneous .
In monogamous systems , one male and one female are paired for at least one breeding season .
5013 .
5990 .
1615 .
A reversible process is one in which both the system and its environment can return to exactly the states they were in by following the reverse path .
5109 .
Each leaflet may have its own stalk , but is attached to the rachis .
Tertiary consumers are carnivores that eat other carnivores .
Osteocytes maintain normal bone structure by recycling the mineral salts in the bony matrix .
A cranium is a bony , cartilaginous , or fibrous structure surrounding the brain , jaw , and facial bones ( [ link ] ) .
Because this type of energy refers to the potential to do work , it is called potential energy .
Analytical and simulation models , in contrast , are mathematical methods of describing ecosystems that are indeed capable of predicting the effects of potential environmental changes without direct experimentation , although with some limitations as to accuracy .
The lateral line is visible as a darker stripe that runs along the length of a fish ’s body .
Thus microwaves are similar to IR but do not extend to as high frequencies .
Coulomb repulsion between the two ends then succeeds in fissioning the nucleus , which pops like a water drop into two large pieces and a few neutrons .
3796 .
In patients with the autoimmune disease myasthenia gravis , muscle cell receptors that induce contraction in response to acetylcholine are targeted by antibodies .
How do these hormones provide a burst of energy ?
This is the name for the procedures and rules that must be followed to get something done .
3593 .
The camp was flying both the American flag and the white flag of surrender when Chivington ’s troops murdered close to one hundred people , the majority of them women and children , in what became known as the Sand Creek Massacre .
However , not all scholars accept the premise that mobilization is natural and that all groups have the potential for access to decision - makers .
" 1 The concept of “ specific use ” involves some sort of commercial application .
Likewise , the Occupy Wall Street movement also gave a voice to those individuals frustrated with economic inequality and the influence of large corporations on the public sector .
Short - term memory takes information from sensory memory and sometimes connects that memory to something already in long - term memory .
All sides agreed that the capabilities of computer software that was compatible with Windows — both software produced by Microsoft and that produced by other companies — had expanded dramatically in the 1990s .
5176 .
Barbara Walters , “ Ms. Walters Reflects , ” Vanity Fair , 31 May 2008 ,
4449 .
Ground tissue serves as a site for photosynthesis , provides a supporting matrix for the vascular tissue , and helps to store water and sugars .
Medicalization and demedicalization affect who responds to the patient , how people respond to the patient , and how people view the personal responsibility of the patient ( Conrad and Schneider 1992 ) .
Cells akin to an apical meristem actively divide and give rise to a gametophore , consisting of a photosynthetic stem and foliage - like structures .
2819 .
Beginning in the 1820s , a new intellectual movement known as transcendentalism began to grow in the Northeast .
4462 .
Recall that emf is the potential difference of a source when no current is flowing .
6290 .
Recent research by two MIT economists , Abhijit Bannerjee and Esther Duflo , has confirmed that the households in these economies are trapped in low incomes because they can not muster enough investment to push themselves out of poverty .
His plan was to add one justice for every current justice over the age of seventy who refused to step down .
Application of jasmonic acid is sufficient to trigger tendril coiling without a mechanical stimulus .
1860 .
Once introduced into the body , the PrPsc contained within the prion binds to PrPc and converts it to PrPsc .
The resulting restrictive practices and exacting demands included monopolies , bans on certain goods , high tariffs , and exclusivity requirements .
For example , if Zambia focuses its resources on producing copper , its labor , land and financial resources can not be used to produce other goods such as corn .
Negative feelings often result in discrimination , such as the exclusion of lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender ( LGBT ) people from social groups and the avoidance of LGBT neighbors and co - workers .
Consider that homosexuals are often asked , “ When did you know you were gay ? ” but heterosexuals are rarely asked , “ When did you know that you were straight ? ” ( Ryle 2011 ) .
It distinguishes which are matters of original jurisdiction and which are for appellate jurisdiction .
Generally speaking , pain can be considered to be neuropathic or inflammatory in nature .
2335 .
Tiger will learn to get excited when she hears the “ squeak ” of the cabinet .
Body language is the expression of emotion in terms of body position or movement .
3387 .
The electrical impulses in the heart produce electrical currents that flow through the body and can be measured on the skin using electrodes .
In the minds of its members and many other northerners of the time , southern slaveholders had marshaled their wealth and power to control national politics for the purpose of protecting the institution of slavery and extending it into the territories .
It also had prognathic jaws , which is a relatively longer jaw than that of modern humans .
United States v. Lopez , 514 U.S. 549 ( 1995 ) .
In this case , state culture may have affected citizens ’ feelings about the Second Amendment and moved them away from the expected ideological beliefs .
The two species came to the same function , flying , but did so separately from each other . These physical changes occur over enormous spans of time and help explain how evolution occurs .
All the individuals of a species living within a specific area are collectively called a population .
Given the prominence of slavery in its formation , a traditionalistic political culture , in Elazar ’s argument , sees the government as necessary to maintaining the existing social order , the status quo .
This attempt to understand the structure or characteristics of the mind was known as structuralism .
This chapter introduces the macroeconomic model of aggregate supply and aggregate demand , how the two interact to reach a macroeconomic equilibrium , and how shifts in aggregate demand or aggregate supply will affect that equilibrium .
These reactions actually have several names associated with them .
If the AD curve crosses this portion of the SRAS curve at an equilibrium point like En where output is at or near potential GDP , then the size of potential GDP pretty much determines the level of output in the economy .
Devised by Russian chemist Dmitri Mendeleev ( 1834 – 1907 ) in 1869 , the table groups elements that , although unique , share certain chemical properties with other elements .
2566 .
This is due in part to the powerful effect of education , one of the strongest predictors of voting turnout .
When price is equal to average cost , economic profits are zero .
The electrical gradient of K+ , a positive ion , also tends to drive it into the cell , but the concentration gradient of K+ tends to drive K+ out of the cell ( [ link ] ) .
4248 .
Because of the hydrophobic nature of waxes , they prevent water from sticking on the surface ( [ link ] ) .
834 .
Ida Tarbell , perhaps the most well - known female muckraker , wrote a series of articles on the dangers of John D. Rockefeller ’s powerful monopoly , Standard Oil .
The results are presented by means of tables or graphs , but no duplicate information should be presented .
The earliest economies were based on trade , which is often a simple exchange in which people traded one item for another .
Thus , if Mexico can export no more than 2,000 pairs of shoes ( giving up 2,000 pairs of shoes ) in exchange for imports of at least 2,500 refrigerators ( a gain of 2,500 refrigerators ) , it will be able to consume more of both goods than before trade .
603 .
Her successors , Laura Bush in the first decade of the twenty - first century and Michelle Obama in the second , returned to the roles played by predecessors in advocating less controversial policies : Laura Bush advocated literacy and education , while Michelle Obama has emphasized physical fitness and healthy diet and exercise .
Lost sales translate into lost jobs .
5744 .
Barriers to entry are the legal , technological , or market forces that discourage or prevent potential competitors from entering a market .
This is an example of multiplying a vector by a positive scalar .
In a study of people who were given up for adoption , adoptees whose biological mothers had schizophrenia and who had been raised in a disturbed family environment were much more likely to develop schizophrenia or another psychotic disorder than were any of the other groups in the study :
6552 .
1173 .
As political moderates , or individuals with ideologies in the middle of the ideological spectrum , leave the political parties at all levels , the parties have grown farther apart ideologically , a result called party polarization .
For example , rays passing through a vertical region of the eye may focus closer than rays passing through a horizontal region , resulting in the image appearing elongated .
1424 .
( Recall from The Aggregate Demand / Aggregate Supply Model that stagflation is an unhealthy combination of high unemployment and high inflation . )
A number of major accounting scandals involving prominent corporations such as Enron , Tyco International , and WorldCom led to the Sarbanes - Oxley Act in 2002 .
2726 .
Indians refashioned European brassware into arrow points and turned axes used for chopping wood into weapons .
5783 .
We define a physical quantity either by specifying how it is measured or by stating how it is calculated from other measurements .
3837 .
2701 .
5431 .
A price ceiling keeps a price from rising above a certain level ( the “ ceiling ” ) , while a price floor keeps a price from falling below a certain level ( the “ floor ” ) .
1104 .
Prognostic framing , the second type , offers a solution and states how it will be implemented .
2901 .
A + B = B + A .
6366 .
1663 .
As you will learn in the next module , animal viruses are associated with a variety of human diseases .
Merkel ’s disks ( shown in [ link ] ) are found in the upper layers of skin near the base of the epidermis , both in skin that has hair and on glabrous skin , that is , the hairless skin found on the palms and fingers , the soles of the feet , and the lips of humans and other primates .
For example , a car company seeking to persuade you to purchase their model will emphasize the car ’s safety features and fuel economy .
The federal government reduced its level of monetary support for the program and , in exchange , the states gained more authority over its implementation .
6923 .
5735 .
When the population density of the bacteria reaches a certain level , specific gene expression is initiated , and the bacteria produce bioluminescent proteins that emit light .
In sociology , the term is used to refer to a religious group that most all members of a society belong to .
Consider , for example , plucking a plastic ruler to the left as shown in [ link ] .
The United States is adopting a defensive position and trying to prevent the spread of Russian influence .
908 .
Motors are the most common application of magnetic force on current - carrying wires .
5827 .
Nixon likely would have also been removed by the Senate , since there was strong bipartisan consensus for his impeachment and removal .
Pluralist theorists assume that citizens who want to get involved in the system do so because of the great number of access points to government .
The deepest part of the ocean is the abyssal zone , which is at depths of 4000 m or greater .
Many believe the glass ceiling , an invisible barrier caused by discrimination , prevents women from rising to the highest levels of American organizations , including corporations , governments , academic institutions , and religious groups .
In some cases , binding of the ligand causes dimerization of the receptor , which means that two receptors bind to each other to form a stable complex called a dimer .
Over time , the genes for bigger size will increase in frequency in the population , and the population will , as a result , grow larger on average .
3466 .
5609 .
When a sperm binds to the zona pellucida , a series of biochemical events , called the acrosomal reactions , take place .
When a combination of quarks has color other than white , it exerts extremely large forces — even larger than the strong force — and perhaps can not be stable or permanently separated .
B. F. Skinner ( 1904 – 1990 ) was an American psychologist ( [ link ] ) .
The United Nations ( UN ) is perhaps the foremost international organization in the world today .
How to determine what a society desires can be a controversial question , and is usually discussed in political science , sociology , and philosophy classes as well as in economics .
Exchange rates would bounce around less , too .
Each phase comes with different responsibilities and expectations , which of course vary by individual and culture .
Thus , even though the majority of U.S. adults believe abortion should be legal in at least some instances , such as when a pregnancy is the result of rape or incest , or threatens the life of the mother , the position of many Republican presidential candidates in 2016 was to oppose abortion in all cases . Irin Carmon , “ GOP Candidates : Ban Abortion , No Exceptions , ” 7 August 2015 , http://www.msnbc.com/msnbc/gop-candidates-ban-abortion-no-exceptions ( March 14 , 2016 ) .
2363 .
The gemmae then land nearby and develop into gametophytes .
In January 1854 , Douglas introduced the bill ( [ link ] ) .
However , Bhutanese politicians , business leaders , and workers hope that if the local industry had a chance to get established , before it needed to face international competition , then a domestic company or group of companies could develop the skills , management , technology , and economies of scale that it needs to become a successful profit - earning domestic industry .
According to Elazar , the individualist political culture originated with settlers from non - Puritan England and Germany .
Illusory correlations , or false correlations , occur when people believe that relationships exist between two things when no such relationship exists .
Tinker v. Des Moines Independent Community School District , 393 U.S. 503 ( 1969 ) .
Phosphorescence is the de - excitation of a metastable state .
As you ’ve learned , hypotheses can be formulated either through direct observation of the real world or after careful review of previous research .
The most important function of the Federal Reserve is to conduct the nation ’s monetary policy .
Corms are similar to rhizomes , except they are more rounded and fleshy ( such as in gladiolus ) .
The government ultimately raised $ 23 billion through liberty bonds .
4066 .
For example , the U.S. economy experienced recessions in 1974 – 1975 , 1980 – 1982 , 1990 – 91 , 2001 , and 2007 – 2009 that were each preceded or accompanied by a rise in the key input of oil prices .
Michael P. McDonald and Samuel Popkin .
HemoglobinHemoglobin , or Hb , is a protein molecule found in red blood cells ( erythrocytes ) made of four subunits : two alpha subunits and two beta subunits ( [ link ] ) .
In the late eighteenth and early nineteenth century , merchants in the Northeast and elsewhere turned their attention as never before to the benefits of using unskilled wage labor to make a greater profit by reducing labor costs .
The presidency was proposed early in the Constitutional Convention in Philadelphia by Virginia ’s Edmund Randolph , as part of James Madison ’s proposal for a federal government , which became known as the Virginia Plan .
The gas exchange of carbon dioxide and oxygen occurs through small , regulated openings called stomata ( singular : stoma ) , which also play roles in the regulation of gas exchange and water balance .
Sellers of labor provide information through resumes , recommendations , school transcripts , and examples of their work .
Thus , a higher domestic price level , relative to price levels in other countries , will reduce net export expenditures .
Courts hear two different types of disputes : criminal and civil .
3097 .
5797 .
4824 .
Whereas children in the concrete operational stage are able to think logically only about concrete events , children in the formal operational stage can also deal with abstract ideas and hypothetical situations .
“ Governors ’ Powers and Authority , ” http://www.nga.org/cms/home/management-resources/governors-powers-and-authority.html ( March 14 , 2016 ) .
Often , these researchers use rodents ( [ link ] ) or birds as the subjects of their experiments — the APA estimates that 90 % of all animal research in psychology uses these species ( American Psychological Association , n. d. ) .
In some documented cases , individuals can reach heights of over eight feet .
6490 .
Scientists consider phylogenetic trees to be a hypothesis of the evolutionary past since one can not go back to confirm the proposed relationships .
The Virginia Plan also called for an executive branch and a judicial branch , both of which were absent under the Articles of Confederation .
The researcher will end up with a wide range of responses , some of which may be surprising .
One typical way that economists define efficiency is when it is impossible to improve the situation of one party without imposing a cost on another .
The FECA also created rules governing the way organizations and companies could contribute to federal campaigns , which allowed for the creation of political action committees . Scott and Mullen , “ Thirty Year Report . ” Finally , a 1974 amendment to the act created the Federal Election Commission ( FEC ) , which operates independently of government and enforces the elections laws .
They were known as exodusters , referencing the biblical flight from Egypt , because they fled the racism of the South , with most of them headed to Kansas from Kentucky , Tennessee , Louisiana , Mississippi , and Texas .
224 .
4659 .
Crimes are called victimless when the perpetrator is not explicitly harming another person .
6205 .
5010 .
The hydrophilic or “ water - loving ” areas of these molecules ( which look like a collection of balls in an artist ’s rendition of the model ) ( [ link ] ) are in contact with the aqueous fluid both inside and outside the cell .
In studying religion , sociologists distinguish between what they term the experience , beliefs , and rituals of a religion .
A patent gives the inventor the exclusive legal right to make , use , or sell the invention for a limited time ; in the United States , exclusive patent rights last for 20 years .
On a national level , policy implementation can be either top - down or bottom - up .
Despite the stereotype , Boatwright and Forrest ( 2000 ) have found that both men and women prefer leaders who use a combination of expressive and instrumental leadership .
5585 .
Isabella , motivated by strong religious zeal , was instrumental in beginning the Inquisition in 1480 , a brutal campaign to root out Jews and Muslims who had seemingly converted to Christianity but secretly continued to practice their faith , as well as other heretics .
3987 .
For an EM wave , we define the direction of polarization to be the direction parallel to the electric field .
But later court challenges led to the removal of limits on personal spending and ended the ban on ads run by interest groups in the days leading up to an election . “Court Case Abstracts , ” http://www.fec.gov/law/litigation_CCA_W.shtml ( November 12 , 2015 ) ; Davis v. Federal Election Commission , 554 U.S. 724 ( 2008 ) .
5549 .
5111 .
The Supreme Court found itself in the middle of a dispute between the outgoing presidential administration of John Adams and that of incoming president ( and opposition party member ) Thomas Jefferson .
A scientific hypothesis is also falsifiable , or capable of being shown to be incorrect .
With the ratification of the Fourteenth Amendment in 1868 , civil liberties gained more clarification .
The key question that faces the courts is whether the establishment clause should be understood as imposing , in Thomas Jefferson ’s words , “ a wall of separation between church and state . ” In a 1971 case known as Lemon v. Kurtzman , the Supreme Court established the Lemon test for deciding whether a law or other government action that might promote a particular religious practice should be allowed to stand . Lemon v. Kurtzman , 403 U.S. 602 ( 1971 ) .
As the official leader of the opposition , he or she technically holds the rank closest to that of the Speaker , makes strategy decisions , and attempts to keep order within the minority .
This realization helped establish the fact that heat is a form of energy .
Such materials are called ferromagnetic , after the Latin word for iron , ferrum .
So the equilibrium moves from E0 to E1 , the equilibrium quantity is lower and the equilibrium price is higher .
4533 .
Children with dysgraphia have a learning disability that results in a struggle to write legibly .
If the price of cars was much higher than $ 32,000 in this example , then at least some Canadian buyers would convert their Canadian dollars to U.S. dollars and go to the United States to purchase their cars .
Neo - Luddites are people who see technology as symbolizing the coldness and alienation of modern life .
Habituation is a simple form of learning in which an animal stops responding to a stimulus after a period of repeated exposure .
564 .
5534 .
Even the socially deviant members of society are necessary , Durkheim argued , as punishments for deviance affirm established cultural values and norms .
2759 .
6593 .
LTP is based on the Hebbian principle : cells that fire together wire together .
Measuring Income Distribution by QuintilesOne common way of measuring income inequality is to rank all households by income , from lowest to highest , and then to divide all households into five groups with equal numbers of people , known as quintiles .
A firm can make a direct payment to its shareholders , called a dividend .
Former clerk Philippa Scarlett , who worked for Justice Stephen Breyer , describes four main responsibilities : “ Role of Supreme Court Law Clerk : Interview with Philippa Scarlett . ”
7069 .
315 .
This means you are using the conditioned stimulus of the can opener to condition another stimulus : the squeaky cabinet ( [ link ] ) .
In Buckley v. Valeo ( 1976 ) , the Supreme Court upheld Congress ’s right to regulate elections by restricting contributions to campaigns and candidates .
Colin Powell ( b ) , nominated by George W. Bush , was also unanimously confirmed .
This particular approach is known as the biopsychosocial model ( [ link ] ) .
3910 .
The rays themselves are called nuclear radiation .
5040 .
The Commission was under heavy pressure from Congress , however , and had little authority .
Radiation can be concentrated in cancerous tissue by a number of techniques .
Roosevelt campaigned on the promise of New Nationalism , a charge that he said required a vigorous and powerful federal government to protect public interests .
The most fundamental function of a sensory system is the translation of a sensory signal to an electrical signal in the nervous system .
Culture lag can also cause tangible problems .
Its wavelength λ λ size 12 { left ( λ right ) } { } is proportional to the period of the oscillation and , hence , is smaller for short periods or high frequencies .
Two particular events in foreign policy caused many to change their views about the proper approach to U.S. involvement in world affairs .
The Whigs turned the slur to their advantage by presenting Harrison as a man of the people who had been born in a log cabin ( in fact , he came from a privileged background in Virginia ) , and the contest became known as the log cabin campaign ( [ link ] ) .
986 .
The American Civil Liberties Union and other groups argued that it placed an unfair burden on people who were poor , older , or had limited finances , while the state argued that it would prevent fraud .
After its synthesis is complete , it exits as integral membrane protein of the vesicle that bud from the Golgi ’s trans face and when the vesicle fuses with the cell membrane the protein becomes integral portion of that cell membrane .
3893 .
In the duodenum , digestive secretions from the liver , pancreas , and gallbladder play an important role in digesting chyme during the intestinal phase .
The result is a stable hairpin that causes the polymerase to stall as soon as it begins to transcribe a region rich in A – T nucleotides .
Some errors are not corrected during replication , but are instead corrected after replication is completed ; this type of repair is known as mismatch repair ( [ link ] ) .
Through mycorrhizae , the fungus and plant exchange nutrients and water , greatly aiding the survival of both species Alternatively , lichens are an association between a fungus and its photosynthetic partner ( usually an alga ) .
But the numbers are misleading .
Many of these new immigrants were coming from eastern and southern Europe and , for many English - speaking , native - born Americans of northern European descent , the growing diversity of new languages , customs , and religions triggered anxiety and racial animosity .
Many ascomycetes are of commercial importance .
“ Political Action Committees , ” http://www.opensecrets.org/pacs/ ( November 12 , 2015 ) .
Plant physiologists are not interested in the energy in any one particular aqueous system , but are very interested in water movement between two systems .
Instead , they elect representatives to make decisions and pass laws on behalf of all the people .
The 5 ' cap , which is placed on the 5 ' end of the mRNA , is usually composed of a methylated guanosine triphosphate molecule ( GTP ) .
Barriers to entry can range from the simple and easily surmountable , such as the cost of renting retail space , to the extremely restrictive .
Indeed , Tocqueville described a new type of tyranny , the tyranny of the majority , which overpowers the will of minorities and individuals and was , in his view , unleashed by democracy in the United States .
Recent research explored how Botox , which paralyzes facial muscles and limits facial expression , might affect emotion .
These assemblies mark the points of later chiasmata and mediate the multistep process of crossover — or genetic recombination — between the non - sister chromatids .
379 .
Children learn prejudiced attitudes and beliefs from society : their parents , teachers , friends , the media , and other sources of socialization , such as Facebook ( O’Keeffe & Clarke - Pearson , 2011 ) .
Finally , children develop , understand , and learn the idea of the generalized other , the common behavioral expectations of general society .
Sociologists describe this aspect of schools as the hidden curriculum , the informal teaching done by schools .
In this case , the addition of still more barbers would actually cause output to decrease , as shown in the last row of [ link ] .
1395 .
2322 .
It contains both exocrine cells that excrete digestive enzymes and endocrine cells that release hormones .
3032 .
4484 .
A major object of study by behaviorists was learned behavior and its interaction with inborn qualities of the organism .
In the United States , one benefit of socialization is that our political system enjoys diffuse support , which is support characterized by a high level of stability in politics , acceptance of the government as legitimate , and a common goal of preserving the system . David Easton .
Discrimination is negative action toward an individual as a result of one ’s membership in a particular group ( Allport , 1954 ; Dovidio & Gaertner , 2004 ) .
Phloem cells are divided into sieve elements ( conducting cells ) and cells that support the sieve elements .
Major depression affects approximately 6.7 percent of the adults in the United States each year and is one of the most common mental disorders .
In foreign exchange markets , the lower interest rates will reduce demand and increase supply of the real and lead to depreciation .
Hemizygosity makes the descriptions of dominance and recessiveness irrelevant for XY males .
Behavioral biology is the study of the biological and evolutionary bases for such changes .
1899 .
In 1854 , American diplomats met in Ostend , Belgium , to find a way to gain Cuba .
1916 .
3639 .
When chyme containing fatty acids enters the duodenum , the bile is secreted from the gallbladder into the duodenum .
6556 .
5188 .
6237 .
Mendel performed hybridizations , which involve mating two true - breeding individuals that have different traits .
These molecules help to spread a signal through the cytoplasm by altering the behavior of certain cellular proteins .
The Skinner box is a chamber that isolates the subject from the external environment and has a behavior indicator such as a lever or a button .
Tubers arise as swollen ends of stolons , and contain many adventitious or unusual buds ( familiar to us as the “ eyes ” on potatoes ) .
The term “ humoral ” is derived from the term “ humor , ” which refers to bodily fluids such as blood .
4652 .
4862 .
Three presidents have faced impeachment proceedings in the House ; none has been both impeached by the House and removed by the Senate .
Countries moved towards the use of fiat money .
A postzygotic barrier occurs after zygote formation ; this includes organisms that do n’t survive the embryonic stage and those that are born sterile .
Internal receptors , also known as intracellular or cytoplasmic receptors , are found in the cytoplasm of the cell and respond to hydrophobic ligand molecules that are able to travel across the plasma membrane .
To refresh your memory , flagella ( singular = flagellum ) are long , hair - like structures that extend from the plasma membrane and are used to move an entire cell ( for example , sperm , Euglena ) .
3096 .
Supported by the monastery , he taught physics , botany , and natural science courses at the secondary and university levels .
In the decades following the Constitution ’s ratification , the Supreme Court declined to expand the Bill of Rights to curb the power of the states , most notably in the 1833 case of Barron v. Baltimore . Barron v. Baltimore , 32 U.S. 243 ( 1833 ) .
Price controls come in two flavors .
By the 1970s , a new idea , the cultivation theory , hypothesized that media develop a person ’s view of the world by presenting a perceived reality . George Gerbner , Larry Gross , Michael Morgan , Nancy Signorielli , and Marilyn Jackson - Beeck .
Before this decision , unequal distributions of population enabled small groups of people in sparsely populated rural areas to have as much voting power as the denser populations of urban areas . 5299 .
Tendrils are slender , twining strands that enable a plant ( like a vine or pumpkin ) to seek support by climbing on other surfaces .
The 2016 election brought another such irregularity as Donald Trump comfortably won the Electoral College by narrowly winning the popular vote in several states , while Hillary Clinton collected nearly 2.9 million more votes nationwide .
An inorganic compound does not contain carbon and is not part of , or produced by , a living organism .
5292 .
Biofeedback is a technique that uses electronic equipment to accurately measure a person ’s neuromuscular and autonomic activity — feedback is provided in the form of visual or auditory signals .
2317 .
The GDP deflator , measured by the Bureau of Economic Analysis , is a price index that includes all the components of GDP ( that is , consumption plus investment plus government plus exports minus imports ) .
Early in development , when female mammalian embryos consist of just a few thousand cells ( relative to trillions in the newborn ) , one X chromosome in each cell inactivates by tightly condensing into a quiescent ( dormant ) structure called a Barr body .
Channel proteins have hydrophilic domains exposed to the intracellular and extracellular fluids ; they additionally have a hydrophilic channel through their core that provides a hydrated opening through the membrane layers ( [ link ] ) .
Musical notes are particular sounds that can be produced by most instruments and in Western music have particular names .
This particular approach is known as the biopsychosocial model ( [ link ] ) .
The ends of the linear chromosomes are known as telomeres , which have repetitive sequences that code for no particular gene .
Tunneling explains this in the following manner : For the decay to be more energetic , the nucleons must have more energy in the nucleus and should be able to ascend a little closer to the rim .
Such soft news presents news in an entertaining and approachable manner , painlessly introducing a variety of topics .
6709 .
” This concept is defined by sociologist Robert K. Merton as a self - fulfilling prophecy .
The aggregate supply ( AS ) curve shows the total quantity of output ( i.e . real GDP ) that firms will produce and sell at each price level .
To obtain a view of an individual ’s karyotype , cytologists photograph the chromosomes and then cut and paste each chromosome into a chart , or karyogram , also known as an ideogram ( [ link ] ) .
Mendel ’s experiments extended beyond the F2 generation to the F3 and F4 generations , and so on , but it was the ratio of characteristics in the P0−F1−F2 generations that were the most intriguing and became the basis for Mendel ’s postulates . In one of his experiments on inheritance patterns , Mendel crossed plants that were true - breeding for violet flower color with plants true - breeding for white flower color ( the P generation ) .
1177 .
In some cases of enzyme inhibition , for example , an inhibitor molecule is similar enough to a substrate that it can bind to the active site and simply block the substrate from binding .
For example , did you know it is illegal for a potential employer to ask your age in an interview ?
4288 .
Also important was the way in which technological progress combined with physical and human capital deepening to create growth and convergence .
There is a single path through the chain .
4317 .
Kirchhoff ’s second rule ( the loop rule ) is an application of conservation of energy .
Political socialization begins early .
Theta waves still dominate the activity of the brain , but they are interrupted by brief bursts of activity known as sleep spindles ( [ link ] ) .
These members might have military bases within their districts or states and hence have a constituency reason for being interested in foreign policy .
4038 .
The NWPC was formed by Bella Abzug ( [ link ] ) , Gloria Steinem , Shirley Chisholm , and other leading feminists to encourage women ’s participation in political parties , elect women to office , and raise money for their campaigns .
Robert Solow , the Nobel laureate in economics in 1987 , described the dual approach in this way :
Electromagnets are employed for everything from a wrecking yard crane that lifts scrapped cars to controlling the beam of a 90-km - circumference particle accelerator to the magnets in medical imaging machines ( See [ link ] ) .
1165 .
Conductors contain free charges that move easily .
1540 .
Receptors , proteins on the cell surface where neurotransmitters attach , vary in shape , with different shapes “ matching ” different neurotransmitters .
It contains the motor cortex , which is involved in planning and coordinating movement ; the prefrontal cortex , which is responsible for higher - level cognitive functioning ; and Broca ’s area , which is essential for language production .
For example , friction slows a hockey puck sliding on ice .
The correspondence principle states that in the classical limit ( large , slow - moving objects ) , quantum mechanics becomes the same as classical physics .
5000 .
” New State Ice Co. v. Liebmann , 285 U.S. 262 ( 1932 ) .
According to Weber , power made legitimate by laws , written rules , and regulations is termed rational - legal authority .
First note that graphs in this text have perpendicular axes , one horizontal and the other vertical .
4527 .
4109 .
5900 .
In the punctuated equilibrium model , a new species undergoes changes quickly from the parent species , and then remains largely unchanged for long periods of time afterward ( [ link ] ) .
2812 .
Religious experience refers to the conviction or sensation that we are connected to “ the divine . ”
Daniel Mazmanian and Paul Sabatier .
National Federation of Independent Business v. Sebelius , 567 U.S. _ _ _ ( 2012 ) ; Andrew Dugan .
Law of Conservation of Energy
Imagine a situation where a used car dealer has a lot full of used cars that do not seem to be selling , and so the dealer decides to cut the prices of the cars to sell a greater quantity .
These conditions are listed in the DSM-5 as neurodevelopmental disorders , and they involve developmental problems in personal , social , academic , and intellectual functioning ( APA , 2013 ) .
( See [ link ] . )
One reason this number is so low is another loophole the Senate began using at the end of George W. Bush ’s presidency , the pro forma session .
NK cells identify intracellular infections , especially from viruses , by the altered expression of major histocompatibility class ( MHC ) I molecules on the surface of infected cells .
Passive transport is a naturally occurring phenomenon and does not require the cell to exert any of its energy to accomplish the movement .
160 .
586 .
The 1995 Lobbying Disclosure Act defined who can and can not lobby , and requires lobbyists and interest groups to register with the federal government .
Barcoding is a technique in which one or more short gene sequences , taken from a well - characterized portion of the genome , are used to identify a species through DNA analysis .
Saddle joints are so named because the ends of each bone resemble a saddle , with concave and convex portions that fit together .
Sexual reproduction requires fertilization , the union of two cells from two individual organisms .
However , different aspects of love might be more prevalent at different life stages .
3903 .
After the price ceiling is imposed , the new consumer surplus is T + V , while the new producer surplus is X . 5301 .
Known as Farmerettes , some twenty thousand women — mostly college educated and from larger urban areas — served in this capacity .
Like ageism , homophobia is a widespread prejudice in U.S. society that is tolerated by many people ( Herek & McLemore , 2013 ; Nosek , 2005 ) .
931 .
Commodity - backed currencies are dollar bills or other currencies with values backed up by gold or other commodity held at a bank .
5543 .
It ’s Schacter ’s seventh and last memory error .
Fearing that terrorists might strike within the nation ’s borders again , and aware of the chronic lack of cooperation among different federal law enforcement agencies , Bush created the Office of Homeland Security in October 2001 .
1181 .
The aggregate expenditure function is formed by stacking on top of each other the consumption function ( after taxes ) , the investment function , the government spending function , the export function , and the import function .
Most multicellular organisms undergo reproduction by sexual means , which involves genetic hybridization of two individuals ( parents ) , making it impossible for generation of an identical copy or a clone of either parent .
The outer ear includes the pinna , which is the visible part of the ear that protrudes from our heads , the auditory canal , and the tympanic membrane , or eardrum .
As part of the Act , states were required to update voting equipment , make voting more accessible to the disabled , and maintain computerized voter rolls that could be updated regularly .
Planned Parenthood v. Casey , 505 U.S. 833 ( 1992 ) .
5117 .
6431 .
.
This occurs in some bony fish ( like the guppy Lebistes reticulatus ) , some sharks , some lizards , some snakes ( such as the garter snake Thamnophis sirtalis ) , some vipers , and some invertebrate animals ( like the Madagascar hissing cockroach Gromphadorhina portentosa ) .
There , cowboys began destroying fences that several ranchers erected along public lands : land they had no right to enclose .
Anabolic pathways require an input of energy to synthesize complex molecules from simpler ones .
3163 .
7091 .
5329 .
5428 .
[ link ] shows that a meter is very similar in construction to a motor .
Innate behavior , or instinct , is important because there is no risk of an incorrect behavior being learned .
Political patronage is the use of state resources to reward individuals for their political support .
People with schizophrenia also may hold grandiose delusions , beliefs that one holds special power , unique knowledge , or is extremely important .
The dimensions of the antenna are critical for determining the frequency of the radiated electromagnetic waves .
An individual may carry a very beneficial genotype with a resulting phenotype that , for example , increases the ability to reproduce ( fecundity ) , but if that same individual also carries an allele that results in a fatal childhood disease , that fecundity phenotype will not be passed on to the next generation because the individual will not live to reach reproductive age .
3071 .
2416 .
If the firm is required to pay $ 100 for the additional external costs of pollution each time it produces a refrigerator , production becomes more costly and the entire supply curve shifts up by $ 100 .
The acquired ability to prevent an unnecessary or harmful immune response to a detected foreign substance known not to cause disease is described as immune tolerance .
867 .
In the event of a bank run , sound banks , ( banks that were not bankrupt ) could borrow as much cash as they needed from the Fed ’s discount “ window ” to quell the bank run .
A prominent lobbyist with ties to many of the Republican members of Congress , Abramoff used funds provided by his clients to fund reelection campaigns , pay for trips , and hire the spouses of members of Congress .
States have been frontloading since the 1976 presidential election , with the problem becoming more severe in the 1992 election and later .
Dissociation occurs when atoms or groups of atoms break off from molecules and form ions .
Dominant traits are those that are inherited unchanged in a hybridization .
( Source : Federal Reserve Economic Data ( FRED ) https://research.stlouisfed.org/fred2/series/LRUN64TTUSA156S0 ) " >
3053 .
Structures that produce photosynthates for the growing plant are referred to as sources .
The object is called a projectile , and its path is called its trajectory .
A new approach involves identifying people who show minor symptoms of psychosis , such as unusual thought content , paranoia , odd communication , delusions , problems at school or work , and a decline in social functioning — which are coined prodromal symptoms — and following these individuals over time to determine which of them develop a psychotic disorder and which factors best predict such a disorder .
2451 .
6729 .
Defining obscenity has been something of a challenge for the courts ; Supreme Court Justice Potter Stewart famously said of obscenity , having watched pornography in the Supreme Court building , “ I know it when I see it . ”
Most photographs of cells are taken with a microscope , and these images can also be called micrographs . The optics of a microscope ’s lenses change the orientation of the image that the user sees .
In cases where deception is involved , participants must receive a full debriefing upon conclusion of the study — complete , honest information about the purpose of the experiment , how the data collected will be used , the reasons why deception was necessary , and information about how to obtain additional information about the study .
They expect political officials to be honest in their dealings with others , put the interests of the people they serve above their own , and commit to improving the area they represent .
6277 .
Calcitonin decreases blood calcium levels by inhibiting osteoclasts , stimulating osteoblasts , and stimulating calcium excretion by the kidneys .
For example , a government might tax all foreign exchange transactions , or attempt to tax short - term portfolio investment while exempting long - term foreign direct investment .
7024 .
In 1885 , German psychologist Hermann Ebbinghaus analyzed the process of memorization .
Differences in breeding schedules , called temporal isolation , can act as a form of reproductive isolation .
Sociologists use the term status to describe the responsibilities and benefits that a person experiences according to their rank and role in society .
You might , for instance , think of the $ 25 you found in the street differently from the $ 25 you earned from three hours working in a fast food restaurant .
Federalists followed through on their promise to add such a bill in 1789 , when Virginia Representative James Madison introduced and Congress approved the Bill of Rights ( [ link ] ) .
Ultraviolet radiation ( approximately 4 eV to 300 eV ) overlaps with the low end of the energy range of x rays , but UV is typically lower in energy .
Mead called specific individuals that impacted a person ’s life significant others , and he also conceptualized “ generalized others ” as the organized and generalized attitude of a social group .
Columbus , OH : Ohio State University Press .
2498 .
Both these senses of privacy are examined below .
In order to control the variety of interests he now maintained in industry , Rockefeller created a new legal entity , known as a trust .
Populations of K - selected species tend to exist close to their carrying capacity ( hence the term K - selected ) where intraspecific competition is high .
At the close of the first U.S. Congress in 1791 , there were sixty - five representatives , each representing approximately thirty thousand citizens .
Behavioral biology is the study of the biological and evolutionary bases for such changes .
Sociological research attempts to answer a vast variety of questions , such as these and more , about our social world . We often have opinions about social situations , but these may be biased by our expectations or based on limited data .
6711 .
The Ninth and Tenth Amendments were intended to provide yet another assurance that people ’s rights would be protected and that the federal government would not become too powerful .
The recent discovery of the cosmological constant has shown the universe is very close to flat , and will expand forever .
This is called the photoelectric effect , meaning that light ( photo ) produces electricity .
The medulla consists of multiple pyramidal tissue masses , called the renal pyramids .
In reversible reactions , reactants are turned into products , but when the concentration of product goes beyond a certain threshold ( characteristic of the particular reaction ) , some of these products will be converted back into reactants ; at this point , the designations of products and reactants are reversed .
924 .
Intron sequences in mRNA do not encode functional proteins .
The chorion facilitates exchange of oxygen and carbon dioxide between the embryo and the egg ’s external environment .
Between 1929 and 1933 , the national unemployment rate reached 25 percent , industrial output dropped by half , stock market assets lost more than half their value , thousands of banks went out of business , and the gross domestic product shrunk by one - quarter . Nicholas Crafts and Peter Fearon .
Sue Wilson , “ FCC : No More Equal Time Requirements for Political Campaign Supporters over Our Public Airwaves , ” Huffington Post , 15 May 2014 .
As with critical damping , it too may overshoot the equilibrium position , but will reach equilibrium over a longer period of time .
2870 .
It attempts to explain how and why we think the way we do by studying the interactions among human thinking , emotion , creativity , language , and problem solving , in addition to other cognitive processes .
It is primarily involved in vision — seeing , recognizing , and identifying the visual world .
It listed eight specific legislative reforms or initiatives the Republicans would enact if they gained a majority in Congress in the 1994 midterm elections .
These layers form three distinct regions : an outer zona glomerulosa that produces mineralocorticoids , a middle zona fasciculata that produces glucocorticoids , and an inner zona reticularis that produces androgens .
These triplets are called nonsense codons , or stop codons .
In other instances , a Supreme Court ruling can erode that autonomy , as demonstrated in the 1940s when , in United States v. Wrightwood Dairy Co. , the Court enabled the federal government to regulate commercial activities that occurred within states , a function previously handled exclusively by the states . United States v. Wrightwood Dairy Co. , 315 U.S. 110 ( 1942 ) .
3344 .
After Rosa Parks refused to give up her bus seat to a white person and was arrested , a group of black women carried out a day - long boycott of Montgomery ’s public transit system .
The Bostonians Paying the Excise - man , or Tarring and Feathering ( [ link ] ) , shows five Patriots tarring and feathering the Commissioner of Customs , John Malcolm , a sea captain , army officer , and staunch Loyalist .
New York : Routledge .
Interpersonal topics ( those that pertain to dyads and groups ) include helping behavior ( [ link ] ) , aggression , prejudice and discrimination , attraction and close relationships , and group processes and intergroup relationships .
Elizabeth did sanction an early attempt at colonization in 1584 , when Sir Walter Raleigh , a favorite of the queen ’s , attempted to establish a colony at Roanoke , an island off the coast of present - day North Carolina .
A solution 's tonicity often directly correlates with the osmolarity of the solution .
5943 .
In a recession , there is usually relatively little danger of inflation taking off , and so even a central bank , with fighting inflation as its top priority , can usually justify some reduction in interest rates .
Unless membership in that group directly affects potential job performance , a decision based on group membership is discriminatory ( [ link ] ) .
In other words , at least organizationally and in government , Republicans and Democrats have become increasingly dissimilar from one another ( [ link ] ) .
The GINI coefficient measures income inequality between countries using a 100- point scale on which 1 represents complete equality and 100 represents the highest possible inequality .
How does food irradiation work ?
After this lag , policymakers become aware of the problem and propose fiscal policy bills .
In each somatic cell of the organism ( all cells of a multicellular organism except the gametes or reproductive cells ) , the nucleus contains two copies of each chromosome , called homologous chromosomes .
The object is called a projectile , and its path is called its trajectory .
Anapsids have no temporal fenestrae , synapsids have one , and diapsids have two .
Plessy v. Ferguson , 163 U.S. 537 ( 1896 ) ; Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka , 347 U.S. 483 ( 1954 ) .
Prosimians include the bush babies of Africa , the lemurs of Madagascar , and the lorises , pottos , and tarsiers of Southeast Asia .
( Perception is commonly defined to be awareness through the senses , a typically circular definition of higher - level processes in living organisms . )
This light micrograph shows a cross section of a squash ( Curcurbita maxima ) stem .
2660 .
At the Dearborn city limits , local police launched tear gas at the roughly three thousand protestors , who responded by throwing stones and clods of dirt .
The theory that rational private households might shift their saving to offset government saving or borrowing is known as Ricardian equivalence because the idea has intellectual roots in the writings of the early nineteenth - century economist David Ricardo ( 1772 – 1823 ) .
While African Americans demanded Black Power and called for Black Pride , young Mexican American civil rights activists called for Brown Power and began to refer to themselves as Chicanos , a term disliked by many older , conservative Mexican Americans , in order to stress their pride in their hybrid Spanish - Native American cultural identity .
In one fell swoop , the genetic structure of the survivors becomes the genetic structure of the entire population , which may be very different from the pre - disaster population .
5621 .
5756 .
797 .
Before then , it was common for many states to practice redistricting , or redrawing of their electoral maps , only if they gained or lost seats in the U.S. House of Representatives .
2853 .
2590 .
Field research refers to gathering primary data from a natural environment without doing a lab experiment or a survey .
Soil bacteria , collectively called rhizobia , are able to symbiotically interact with legumes to form nodules , specialized structures where nitrogen fixation occurs ( [ link ] ) .
The closest the United States has ever gotten to hyperinflation was during the Civil War , 1860 – 1865 , in the Confederate states .
2138 .
The cells in the tubules are called flame cells ( or protonephridia ) because they have a cluster of cilia that looks like a flickering flame when viewed under the microscope , as illustrated in [ link]a .
Baehr v. Lewin .
Things began to change , however , following Vermont ’s decision to allow same - sex couples to form state - recognized civil unions in which they could enjoy all the legal rights and privileges of marriage .
1184 .
Incumbents attract more money because people want to give to a winner .
Another major use of ultrasound in medical diagnostics is to detect motion and determine velocity through the Doppler shift of an echo , known as Doppler - shifted ultrasound .
A series of provisions , including significant subsidies , are intended to address the discrepancies in income that are currently contributing to high rates of uninsurance and underinsurance .
Fungi attack animals directly by colonizing and destroying tissues .
This could involve situations like profits generated by a company going directly to the employees of the company or being used as public funds ( Gregory and Stuart 2003 ) .
Also reporting to the president in the White House is the director of the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) .
Examples of steroid hormones include estradiol , which is an estrogen , or female sex hormone , and testosterone , which is an androgen , or male sex hormone .
As the basic structure of human society until about 10,000–12,000 years ago , these groups were based around kinship or tribes .
175 .
The combined result of Treg cells is to prevent immunologic activation and inflammation in undesired tissue compartments and to allow the immune system to focus on pathogens instead .
The diffusion of marriage equality across states was driven in large part by federal district and appeals courts , which have used the rationale underpinning the Windsor case ( i.e. , laws can not discriminate between same - sex and opposite - sex couples based on the equal protection clause of the Fourteenth Amendment ) to invalidate state bans on same - sex marriage .
The Sapir - Whorf hypothesis is based on the idea that people experience their world through their language , and that they therefore understand their world through the culture embedded in their language .
One such illusion that Westerners were more likely to experience was the Müller - Lyer illusion ( [ link ] ) : The lines appear to be different lengths , but they are actually the same length .
They felt alienated from society , so they tried to escape ( some literally ) to criticize it .
These cells are referred to as undifferentiated cells .
The horizontal axis shows the quantity of Mexican pesos traded in the foreign exchange market .
In planning studies ' designs , sociologists generally choose from four widely used methods of social investigation : survey , field research , experiment , and secondary data analysis , or use of existing sources .
For example , a disease that is caused by a rare , recessive allele might exist in a population , but it will only manifest itself when an individual carries two copies of the allele .
According to political scientist Nolan McCarty , there is little evidence to support the redistricting hypothesis alone .
988 .
4302 .
1548 .
During periods of recession and depression , unemployment is high .
Lieberman had been quick to denounce Clinton ’s relationship with Monica Lewinsky .
The sensing of light in the environment is important to plants ; it can be crucial for competition and survival .
As a matter of historical accuracy , it seems clear that Say never actually wrote down this law and that it oversimplifies his beliefs , but the law lives on as useful shorthand for summarizing a point of view .
The hypothalamus controls the endocrine system by sending signals to the pituitary gland , a pea - sized endocrine gland that releases several different hormones that affect other glands as well as other cells .
Algal blooms ( [ link ] ) can become so extensive that they reduce light penetration in water .
704 .
3250 .
5401 .
The soil and climate offered good opportunities to expand slavery and the cotton kingdom .
Will private firms in a market economy under invest in research and technology ?
5848 .
5634 .
Leaders serve as party managers and are the highest - ranking members of the party in each chamber of Congress .
Asymmetrical animals are animals with no pattern or symmetry ; an example of an asymmetrical animal is a sponge .
648 .
Animals that excrete ammonia are said to be ammonotelic .
Not all normative events are universal , meaning they are not experienced by all individuals across all cultures .
Furthermore , some American colonists felt the colonies were on equal political footing with Great Britain .
Age structure is the proportion of a population at different age ranges .
When scientists are involved in the breeding of a species , such as with animals in zoos and nature preserves , they try to increase a population ’s genetic variance to preserve as much of the phenotypic diversity as they can .
In addition to biological motives , motivations can be intrinsic ( arising from internal factors ) or extrinsic ( arising from external factors ) ( [ link ] ) .
Specifically , the government can not suspend the writ of habeas corpus , which enables someone in custody to petition a judge to determine whether that person ’s detention is legal ; pass a bill of attainder , a legislative action declaring someone guilty without a trial ; or enact an ex post facto law , which criminalizes an act retroactively .
All resonant frequencies are integral multiples of the fundamental , and they are collectively called harmonics .
4303 .
286 .
Well , a core inflation index is typically calculated by taking the CPI and excluding volatile economic variables .
1988 .
However , each chromosome contains hundreds or thousands of genes , organized linearly on chromosomes like beads on a string .
For example , the content of school - sponsored activities like school newspapers and speeches delivered by students can be controlled , either for the purposes of instructing students in proper adult behavior or to deter conflict between students .
Utility , as we will see in the chapter on Consumer Choices , is subjective but that does not make it less real .
The adrenal cortex is made up of layers of epithelial cells and associated capillary networks .
The Telecommunications Act of 1996 brought significant changes to the radio and television industries .
2667 .
The vascular tissue in the root is arranged in the inner portion of the root , which is called the stele ( [ link ] ) .
6953 .
It serves as a barrier between the inner eye and the outside world , and it is involved in focusing light waves that enter the eye .
The quantum of EM radiation we call a photon has properties analogous to those of particles we can see , such as grains of sand .
The symbolic interactionism theory , the third of the three most recognized theories of sociology , is based on Weber ’s early ideas that emphasize the viewpoint of the individual and how that individual relates to society .
Casual crowds consist of people who are in the same place at the same time but who are n’t really interacting , such as people standing in line at the post office .
Since the beginning of the millennium , social science researchers have tried to bring attention to the digital divide , the uneven access to technology among different races , classes , and geographic areas .
5647 .
In sum , after the Civil War the power balance shifted toward the national government , a movement that had begun several decades before with McCulloch v. Maryland ( 1819 ) and Gibbons v. Odgen ( 1824 ) .
Throughout history , various forms of government have evolved to suit the needs of changing populations and mindsets , each with pros and cons .
3456 .
For example , a rise in blood glucose levels triggers the pancreatic release of insulin .
3864 .
First is the familiar circuit breaker ( or fuse ) to prevent thermal overload .
Resistors are in parallel when each resistor is connected directly to the voltage source by connecting wires having negligible resistance .
A social movement industry , which is the collection of the social movement organizations that are striving toward similar goals , was growing .
The American Psychological Association ( APA ) publishes a manual detailing how to write a paper for submission to scientific journals .
If most people and businesses have some form of adaptive expectations , then the adjustment from the short run and long run will be traced out in incremental steps that occur over time . The empirical evidence on the speed of macroeconomic adjustment of prices and wages is not clear - cut .
3342 .
The optic nerve carries visual information from the retina to the brain .
At the end of 2010 , approximately seven million U.S. men and women were behind bars ( BJS 2011d ) .
This phenomenon can explain many superficially altruistic behaviors seen in animals .
230 .
The discussion in this chapter has focused on domestic monetary policy ; that is , the view of monetary policy within an economy .
Cells of the meristematic tissue are found in meristems , which are plant regions of continuous cell division and growth .
4587 .
The effect of cytokinins was first reported when it was found that adding the liquid endosperm of coconuts to developing plant embryos in culture stimulated their growth .
Another way to think about this is by asking how dim can a light be or how soft can a sound be and still be detected half of the time .
2211 .
One type of imperfectly competitive market is called monopolistic competition .
The hippocampus is usually affected ( McLeod , 2011 ) .
Carbohydrates provide energy to the body , particularly through glucose , a simple sugar that is a component of starch and an ingredient in many staple foods .
He next began to grow his company through vertical integration , wherein a company handles all aspects of a product ’s lifecycle , from the creation of raw materials through the production process to the delivery of the final product .
The following Clear It Up feature examines the demand and supply models .
1092 .
Through a series of scare tactics that included kidnappings , beatings , and even murder , the Molly Maguires sought to bring attention to the miners ’ plight , as well as to cause enough damage and concern to the mine owners that the owners would pay attention to their concerns .
However , by the late 1500s , some English members of the Church began to agitate for more reform .
Nature regulates population growth in a variety of ways .
A tight junction is a watertight seal between two adjacent animal cells ( [ link ] ) .
It is obviously more difficult to change the motion of a large boulder than that of a basketball , for example .
When we do this , we are relying on a number of monocular cues , or cues that require only one eye .
The internal pacemaker starts at the sinoatrial ( SA ) node , which is located near the wall of the right atrium .
Some House and Senate members ask to serve on the foreign policy committees , such as the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations , the House Foreign Affairs Committee , and the two defense committees ( [ link ] ) .
As its name implies , the neutron is a neutral particle ( q = 0 q = 0 size 12 { q = 0 } { } ) that has nearly the same mass and intrinsic spin as the proton .
Thus , when investment spending collapsed during the Great Depression , it caused a much larger decrease in real GDP .
The term senescence refers to the aging process , including biological , emotional , intellectual , social , and spiritual changes .
There are two types of covalent bonds : polar and nonpolar .
5207 .
" >
The Fifteenth Amendment gave men the right to vote regardless of race or color , but women were still prohibited from voting in most states .
Lenz ’s law tells us the emf opposes any change , so that the input emf that powers the motor will be opposed by the motor ’s self - generated emf , called the back emf of the motor .
710 .
Behavioral isolation occurs when the presence or absence of a specific behavior prevents reproduction from taking place .
6841 .
Constitution , Article II , Section 1 .
5905 .
Elements also have specific chemical reactivity , the ability to combine and to chemically bond with each other .
Most energy sources on Earth are in fact stored energy from the energy we receive from the Sun .
The temporal lobe is located on the side of the head ( temporal means “ near the temples ” ) , and is associated with hearing , memory , emotion , and some aspects of language .
These groups serve an instrumental function rather than an expressive one , meaning that their role is more goal- or task - oriented than emotional .
The act ’s Merit Systems Protection Board is a quasi - juridical institutional board headed by three members appointed by the president and confirmed by the Senate that hears complaints , conducts investigations into possible abuses , and institutes protections for bureaucrats who speak out .
Because Jean - Baptiste Say , Adam Smith , and other economists writing around the turn of the nineteenth century who discussed this view were known as “ classical ” economists , modern economists who generally subscribe to the Say ’s law view on the importance of supply for determining the size of the macroeconomy are called neoclassical economists .
Caregivers may be family members , relatives , friends , health professionals , or employees of senior housing or nursing care .
594 .
Nuclear energy is transformed into the energy of sunlight , into electrical energy in power plants , and into the energy of the heat transfer and blast in weapons .
However , he did make a few overtures towards civil service reform .
There are two definitions of money : M1 and M2 money supply .
By contrast , a market with many buyers and sellers is called a thick market .
4715 .
Intercalary meristems occur only in monocots , at the bases of leaf blades and at nodes ( the areas where leaves attach to a stem ) .
3892 .
Conversely , [ link ] ( b ) shows a situation where the aggregate expenditure schedule ( AE0 ) intersects the 45-degree line above potential GDP .
In projection , a person refuses to acknowledge her own unconscious feelings and instead sees those feelings in someone else .
The Keynesian theory implied that during a recession inflationary pressures are low , but when the level of output is at or even pushing beyond potential GDP , the economy is at greater risk for inflation .
5345 .
President George W. Bush ’s nomination of Harriet Miers was withdrawn in the face of criticism from both sides of the political spectrum , questioning her ideological leanings and especially her qualifications , suggesting she was not ready for the job .
640 .
An individual with body dysmorphic disorder is preoccupied with a perceived flaw in her physical appearance that is either nonexistent or barely noticeable to other people ( APA , 2013 ) .
The court ruling also allowed corporations to place unlimited money into super PACs , or Independent Expenditure - Only Committees .
MHC II molecules are found mainly on cells containing antigens ( “ non - self proteins ” ) and on lymphocytes .
Disability refers to a reduction in one ’s ability to perform everyday tasks .
A translocation occurs when a segment of a chromosome dissociates and reattaches to a different , nonhomologous chromosome .
Both parasites and pathogens harm the host ; however , the pathogen causes a disease , whereas the parasite usually does not .
W . Kirk Wood .
4879 .
3589 .
4541 .
For example , a soda lake is both salty and alkaline , so organisms that live in a soda lake must be both alkaliphiles and halophiles ( [ link ] ) .
In 1903 , Mexican farmworkers joined with Japanese farmworkers , who were also poorly paid , to form the first union to represent agricultural laborers .
Conversely , the inspiratory reserve volume ( IRV ) is the additional amount of air that can be inhaled after a normal inhalation .
You are in no real physical danger in those situations , and yet you have evolved to respond to any perceived threat with the fight or flight response .
92 .
Sound is a wave .
As the process continues , the charge separation reverses and the field reaches its maximum downward value , returns to zero , and rises to its maximum upward value at the end of one complete cycle .
For water , the triple point occurs at 273.16 K ( 0.01 º C ) ( 0.01 º C ) size 12 { \ ( 0 " . "
If so , then you have experienced how motivation to detect a meaningful stimulus can shift our ability to discriminate between a true sensory stimulus and background noise .
These children do not explore the toys in the room , as they are too fearful .
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) , an adult with a body mass index ( BMI ) between 25 and 29.9 is considered overweight ( [ link ] ) .
5020 .
This meant both creating jobs , through such programs as the Works Progress Administration , which provided employment to over eight million Americans ( [ link ] ) , as well as reconfiguring the structure of the American economy .
4145 .
In general , when the federal funds rate drops substantially , other interest rates drop , too , and when the federal funds rate rises , other interest rates rise .
4343 .
Both isothermal and adiabatic processes such as shown in [ link ] are reversible in principle .
They have allowed restrictions on the sale of alcohol and sometimes other goods on Sunday for similar reasons .
398 .
Despite the national government ’s power to pass and fund policy that affects lower - level governments , states still have gained considerable headway since the late twentieth century .
A very dangerous strain , however , methicillin - resistant Staphylococcus aureus ( MRSA ) has made the news over the past few years ( [ link ] ) .
This criterion makes PTSD the only disorder listed in the DSM in which a cause ( extreme trauma ) is explicitly specified .
When the spinal cord is damaged in a particular segment , all lower segments are cut off from the brain , causing paralysis .
5626 .
One of the primary reasons citizens turn to the media is for news .
Many authors have attributed the diversity of plants and insects to pollination and herbivory , or consumption of plants by insects and other animals .
Mendel collected the seeds belonging to the P0 plants that resulted from each cross and grew them the following season .
To be more precise in their language , political scientists and legal experts make a distinction between civil liberties and civil rights , even though the Constitution has been interpreted to protect both .
Two replication forks are formed at the origin of replication and these get extended bi- directionally as replication proceeds .
Ossification is distinct from the process of calcification ; whereas calcification takes place during the ossification of bones , it can also occur in other tissues .
At the end of prophase I , the pairs are held together only at the chiasmata ( [ link ] ) and are called tetrads because the four sister chromatids of each pair of homologous chromosomes are now visible .
If motional emf can cause a current loop in the conductor , we refer to that current as an eddy current .
As political moderates , or individuals with ideologies in the middle of the ideological spectrum , leave the political parties at all levels , the parties have grown farther apart ideologically , a result called party polarization .
Typically , the nucleus is the most prominent organelle in a cell ( [ link ] ) .
The money multiplier formula is :
437 .
Theory X managers perceive employees as people who prefer to be led and told which tasks to perform and when .
1956 .
He also disapproved of the federal government ’s new ability to tax its citizens .
3526 .
645 .
1911 .
4416 .
Rebellious American youth , in particular , adjusted to the changes by embracing a new morality that was far more permissive than the social mores of their parents .
1684 .
433 .
Mucosal immunity is formed by mucosa - associated lymphoid tissue , which functions independently of the systemic immune system , and which has its own innate and adaptive components .
1427 .
Organizational psychology is a discipline interested in how the relationships among employees affect those employees and the performance of a business .
The ASA maintains a code of ethics — formal guidelines for conducting sociological research — consisting of principles and ethical standards to be used in the discipline .
Samuel Adams , along with Joseph Warren and James Otis , re - formed the Boston Committee of Correspondence , which functioned as a form of shadow government , to address the fear of British overreach .
Religious rituals are behaviors or practices that are either required or expected of the members of a particular group , such as bar mitzvah or confession of sins ( Barkan and Greenwood 2003).The History of Religion as a Sociological ConceptIn the wake of nineteenth century European industrialization and secularization , three social theorists attempted to examine the relationship between religion and society : Émile Durkheim , Max Weber , and Karl Marx .
1377 .
Mineral soils form directly from the weathering of bedrock , the solid rock that lies beneath the soil , and therefore , they have a similar composition to the original rock .
5483 .
2765 .
Height is one example of a polygenic trait , as are skin color and weight . In this Punnett square , N represents the normal allele , and p represents the recessive allele that is associated with PKU .
THE DIAGNOSTIC AND STATISTICAL MANUAL OF MENTAL DISORDERS ( DSM )
Like a rubber band stretched out and waiting to spring into action , ions line up on either side of the cell membrane , ready to rush across the membrane when the neuron goes active and the membrane opens its gates ( i.e. , a sodium - potassium pump that allows movement of ions across the membrane ) .
2542 .
Rods are strongly photosensitive and are located in the outer edges of the retina .
James Esseks , director of the American Civil Liberties Union ’s ( ACLU ) Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender & AIDS Project , summarizes the significance of the case as follows : “ Part of what ’s gotten us to this exciting moment in American culture is not just Edie ’s lawsuit but the story of her life .
One popular operant conditioning intervention is called the token economy .
You will see that associative learning is central to all three basic learning processes discussed in this chapter ; classical conditioning tends to involve unconscious processes , operant conditioning tends to involve conscious processes , and observational learning adds social and cognitive layers to all the basic associative processes , both conscious and unconscious .
Scapegoating is the act of blaming an out - group when the in - group experiences frustration or is blocked from obtaining a goal ( Allport , 1954 ) .
Studying this topic illustrates most concepts associated with rotational motion and leads to the study of many new topics we group under the name rotation .
577 .
The capsid is made up of protein subunits called capsomeres .
Political science looks at politics as the interaction between citizens and their government .
Despite protesters ’ resistance to government involvement in health care , there is no keeping government out of Medicare ; the government IS Medicare .
It is the sum of the expiratory reserve volume , tidal volume , and inspiratory reserve volume .
The 1974 Budget and Impoundment Control Act gave Congress a mechanism for making large , all - encompassing , budget decisions .
Interestingly , drive theory also emphasizes the role that habits play in the type of behavioral response in which we engage .
Laws that government enacts to regulate prices are called Price controls .
Research in this school of thought suggests that race is not biologically identifiable and that previous racial categories were arbitrarily assigned , based on pseudoscience , and used to justify racist practices ( Omi and Winant 1994 ; Graves 2003 ) .
Externally , the kidneys are surrounded by three layers , illustrated in [ link ] .
Most species of diatoms reproduce asexually , although some instances of sexual reproduction and sporulation also exist .
Thus , states remained free to pass laws regarding such things as intrastate commerce ( commerce within the borders of a state ) and marriage .
Frontiers of Physics expands the story in making a connection with cosmology , on the opposite end of the distance scale .
Carbon is found in all organic macromolecules and is an important constituent of fossil fuels .
1612 .
Acetylcholine is involved in muscle action and memory ; it can increase arousal and enhance cognition .
That means about 250 red blood cells could fit on the head of a pin .
Republicans labeled these vocal opponents of the President Copperheads , a term that many antiwar Democrats accepted .
Interkinesis lacks an S phase , so chromosomes are not duplicated .
1976 .
or is “ reasonably related to legitimate pedagogical concerns .
The FCC regulates interstate communications to this day .
575 .
2441 .
4922 .
As you may recall from what you learned about self - efficacy , an individual ’s belief in his ability to complete a task is important ( Bandura , 1994 ) .
Also during this time , primary and secondary sexual characteristics develop and mature .
Automatic processing is usually done without any conscious awareness .
2632 . International trade slowed , hurting many American businesses .
In equation form , Archimedes ’ principle is
A market with few buyers and few sellers is sometimes referred to as a thin market .
Depending on their different income levels and political preferences , countries are likely to make different choices about allocative efficiency — that is , the choice between economic output and environmental protection along the production possibility frontier .
Both parasites and pathogens harm the host ; however , the pathogen causes a disease , whereas the parasite usually does not .
The scientific definition of temperature is less ambiguous than your senses of hot and cold .
Newton ’s second law of motion is closely related to Newton ’s first law of motion .
Plant stems , whether above or below ground , are characterized by the presence of nodes and internodes ( [ link ] ) .
2227 .
However , Pitt was old and ill with gout .
The boundary between these two forms of study is often blurred , and most scientific endeavors combine both approaches .
Another issue arises when a central bank intervenes directly in the exchange rate market .
1578 .
751 .
It was an early hint that Congress had the power to change the jurisdiction of the courts as it saw fit and stood ready to use it .
2758 .
.
6812 .
6926 .
6649 .
To provide more transparency to state and local governments and reduce the federal government ’s use of mandates , the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act was passed in 1995 .
Van der Waals attractions can occur between any two or more molecules and are dependent on slight fluctuations of the electron densities , which are not always symmetrical around an atom .
The sacraments , or special ceremonies of the Church , marked every stage of life , from birth to maturation , marriage , and burial , and brought people into the church on a regular basis .
However , over time , the rise in nominal GDP looks much larger than the rise in real GDP ( that is , the nominal GDP line rises more steeply than the real GDP line ) , because the rise in nominal GDP is exaggerated by the presence of inflation , especially in the 1970s . U.S .
In the bacterial context , the fragment of DNA from the human genome ( or the genome of another organism that is being studied ) is referred to as foreign DNA , or a transgene , to differentiate it from the DNA of the bacterium , which is called the host DNA .
4806 .
The size and extent of each of these domains vary widely , depending on the type of receptor .
Rates of saving in America have never been especially high , but they seem to have dipped even lower in recent years , as the data from the Bureau of Economic Analysis in [ link ] show .
3824 .
What do an ocean buoy , a child in a swing , the cone inside a speaker , a guitar , atoms in a crystal , the motion of chest cavities , and the beating of hearts all have in common ?
We define periodic motion to be a motion that repeats itself at regular time intervals , such as exhibited by the guitar string or by an object on a spring moving up and down .
4163 .
3536 .
5532 .
Secondary feathers are located closer to the body , attach to the forearm portion of the wing and provide lift .
The inner cell mass is also known as the embryoblast and this mass of cells will go on to form the embryo .
This act of defiance became known as the Boston Tea Party .
To protect against this type of bias , researchers should have clear criteria established for the types of behaviors recorded and how those behaviors should be classified .
1841 .
We know from Special Relativity that relativity is the study of how different observers measure the same event , particularly if they move relative to one another .
Fixed costs are expenditures that do not change regardless of the level of production , at least not in the short term .
From an individual ’s perspective , the dual court system has both benefits and drawbacks .
781 .
Lee Huebner , “ The Checkers Speech after 60 Years , ” The Atlantic , 22 September 2012 .
4557 .
Before reaching their final destination , the lipids or proteins within the transport vesicles still need to be sorted , packaged , and tagged so that they wind up in the right place .
[ link ] shows an investment function where the level of investment is , for the sake of concreteness , set at the specific level of 500 .
3762 .
In general , this process by which carbon is transported deep into the ocean is described as the biological carbon pump , because carbon is “ pumped ” to the ocean depths where it is inaccessible to the atmosphere as carbon dioxide .
During the Cretaceous period , a group known as the Enantiornithes was the dominant bird type ( [ link ] ) .
Two reactants might also enter a reaction , both become modified , and leave the reaction as two products .
Manifest content is the actual content , or storyline , of a dream .
Some plants have a combination of tap roots and fibrous roots .
507 .
Blood pressure pulsates because of the pumping action of the heart , reaching a maximum , called systolic pressure , and a minimum , called diastolic pressure , with each heartbeat .
Implicit costs are more subtle , but just as important .
6530 .
Phosphorescence is the de - excitation of a metastable state .
Static electricity is just one aspect of the electromagnetic force , which also includes moving electricity and magnetism .
Because externalities represent a case where markets no longer consider all social costs , but only some of them , economists commonly refer to externalities as an example of market failure .
In short , all these types of M2 are money that you can withdraw and spend , but which require a greater effort to do so than the items in M1 [ link ] should help in visualizing the relationship between M1 and M2 .
A heuristic is another type of problem solving strategy .
Sometimes the relationship is a definition .
By coherent , we mean waves are in phase or have a definite phase relationship .
Linear momentum is defined as the product of a system ’s mass multiplied by its velocity .
670 .
443 .
2071 .
The magnetic field strength ( magnitude ) produced by a long straight current - carrying wire is found by experiment to be
6001 .
Inertia is the tendency of an object to remain at rest or remain in motion .
This first American money was called Continental currency ; unfortunately , it quickly fell in value .
6074 .
In an ideal culture , there would be no traffic accidents , murders , poverty , or racial tension .
3820 .
The eIF-2 protein is active when it binds to the high - energy molecule guanosine triphosphate ( GTP ) .
An indexed payment increases according to the index number that measures inflation .
( Organisms that are all members of the same species are called conspecifics . )
How is sensory input , such as pressure on the skin , changed to a receptor potential ?
Imports are the goods and services that are produced abroad and then sold domestically .
90 .
During this stage , children learn about the world through their senses and motor behavior .
If a vertical slit is placed on the first rope , the waves pass through .
The space between the arachnoid and pia maters is filled with cerebrospinal fluid ( CSF ) .
Price indices are created to calculate an overall average change in relative prices over time .
955 .
Research suggests that implicit racial prejudice and stereotypes affect perception .
Economists refer to this third group of those who are not working and not looking for work as out of the labor force or not in the labor force .
The cell body contains a specialized structure , the axon hillock that integrates signals from multiple synapses and serves as a junction between the cell body and an axon .
The nuclear envelope is a double - membrane structure that constitutes the outermost portion of the nucleus ( [ link ] ) .
A significant portion of I - O research focuses on management and human relations .
The hypothalamus contains autonomic centers that control endocrine cells in the adrenal medulla via neuronal control . The pituitary gland , sometimes called the hypophysis or “ master gland ” is located at the base of the brain in the sella turcica , a groove of the sphenoid bone of the skull , illustrated in [ link ] .
Gregg v. Georgia , 428 U.S. 153 ( 1976 ) .
An isomerase is an enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of a molecule into one of its isomers .
Andrew Jackson won more popular votes and more votes in the Electoral College than any other candidate .
The endodermis is exclusive to roots , and serves as a checkpoint for materials entering the root ’s vascular system .
2826 .
2578 .
As the names suggest , media globalization is the worldwide integration of media through the cross - cultural exchange of ideas , while technological globalization refers to the cross - cultural development and exchange of technology .
555 .
However , too much uric acid tends to form kidney stones and may also cause a painful condition called gout , where uric acid crystals accumulate in the joints , as illustrated in [ link ] .
A notable example of the government ’s failure to act was the story of Coxey ’s Army .
6050 .
“ Crossing the Water ’s Edge : Elite Rhetoric , Media Coverage , and the Rally - Round - the - Flag Phenomenon , ” Journal of Politics 70 , No .
3380 .
6365 .
[ link ] shows a demand curve with constant unit elasticity .
For example , a marble at the bottom of a bowl will experience a restoring force when displaced from its equilibrium position .
2686 .
In many states , due to our federal structure with elections at many levels of government , voters may vote many times per year on ballots filled with candidates and issues to research .
Embezzlement , insider trading , and identity theft are all types of corporate crime .
An example would be the question “ what does argumentative mean ? ” Stored in our semantic memory is knowledge about words , concepts , and language - based knowledge and facts .
Often , the stories are not newsmakers , but simply an unpleasant part of life for the people who live near toxic sites such as Centralia , Pennsylvania and Hinkley , California .
ATP hydrolysis is required for this process .
It is the sum of the residual volume , expiratory reserve volume , tidal volume , and inspiratory reserve volume .
2635 .
The main provision of this legislation prohibits bureaucrats from actively engaging in political campaigns and from using their federal authority via bureaucratic rank to influence the outcomes of nominations and elections .
6692 .
In 1966 sociologists Peter Berger and Thomas Luckmann wrote a book called The Social Construction of Reality .
Managers embraced Fredrick Taylor ’s principles of scientific management , also called “ stop - watch management , ” where he used stop - watch studies to divide manufacturing tasks into short , repetitive segments .
In the second step of glycolysis , an isomerase converts glucose-6-phosphate into one of its isomers , fructose-6-phosphate .
If a central bank ends up in a situation where it is perpetually creating and selling its own currency on foreign exchange markets , it will be buying the currency of other countries , like U.S. dollars or euros , to hold as reserves .
Creating and voting for an omnibus bill allows Congress to quickly accomplish policy changes that would have taken many votes and the expending of great political capital over a long period of time .
5180 .
1188 .
Flappers wore shorter skirts , shorter hair , and more makeup , and they drank and smoked with the boys ( [ link ] ) .
5705 .
An interesting consequence of the increase in FVFV size 12 { F rSub { size 8 { V } } } { } with speed is that an object falling through a fluid will not continue to accelerate indefinitely ( as it would if we neglect air resistance , for example ) .
111 .
Jackson ’s anti - Indian stance struck a chord with a majority of white citizens , many of whom shared a hatred of nonwhites that spurred Congress to pass the 1830 Indian Removal Act .
1955 .
2881 .
In 1966 , transgender prostitutes who were tired of police harassment rioted in San Francisco .
A heritable trait that helps the survival and reproduction of an organism in its present environment is called an adaptation .
This involves dressing in opposite - sex clothing and assuming an opposite - sex identity .
Of the two sperm cells , one sperm fertilizes the egg cell , forming a diploid zygote ; the other sperm fuses with the two polar nuclei , forming a triploid cell that develops into the endosperm .
799 .
When people tend to do the same type of work , Durkheim argued , they tend to think and act alike .
Qualities that help promote psychological well - being ( e.g. , having meaning and purpose in life , a sense of autonomy , positive emotions , and satisfaction with life ) are linked with a range of favorable health outcomes ( especially improved cardiovascular health ) mainly through their relationships with biological functions and health behaviors ( such as diet , physical activity , and sleep quality ) ( Boehm & Kubzansky , 2012 ) .
882 .
A judge or justice who views the role with an activist lens is more likely to use his or her judicial power to broaden personal liberty , justice , and equality .
Wallace ’s campaign was a failure , largely because most people believed his policies , including national healthcare , were too much like those of communism , and this party also vanished .
By the 1970s , however , concern for extending equal opportunities to all led to the passage of two important acts by Congress .
This pattern of temperature fluctuation , which repeats every day , is one example of a circadian rhythm .
There are different types of teratogens .
As you may recall , classical conditioning is a form of learning in which a previously neutral stimulus is paired with an unconditioned stimulus ( UCS ) that reflexively elicits an unconditioned response ( UCR ) , eliciting the same response through its association with the unconditioned stimulus .
When internees returned from the camps after the war was over , many of them discovered that the houses , cars , and businesses they had left behind , often in the care of white neighbors , had been sold or destroyed .
In this endeavor , the Freedmen ’s Bureau received support from Christian organizations that had long advocated for abolition , such as the American Missionary Association ( AMA ) .
In nature , some proteins are formed from several polypeptides , also known as subunits , and the interaction of these subunits forms the quaternary structure .
Global stratification compares the wealth , economic stability , status , and power of countries across the world .
The 1960s composed a decade not only of Black Power but also of Black Pride .
Built from sensations , but influenced by our own experiences , biases , prejudices , and cultures , perceptions can be very different from person to person .
3351 .
567 .
When the number of receptors decreases in response to rising hormone levels , called down - regulation , cellular activity is reduced .
306 .
4719 .
Clearly , many occupations other than the ones listed in [ link ] involve at least a moderate amount of job strain in that they often involve heavy workloads and little job control ( e.g. , inability to decide when to take breaks ) .
In discussing unintended redistributions , we considered the case of someone trying to plan for retirement with a pension that is fixed in nominal terms and a high rate of inflation .
5648 .
( Bonds used to be paper documents with coupons that were clipped and turned in to the bank to receive interest . )
Moreover , the theory of comparative advantage suggests that each economy should specialize to a degree in certain products , and then exchange those products .
According to Cowen author of the recent book , Average Is Over : Powering America Beyond the Age of the Great Stagnation , this inequality in access to technology and information is going to deepen the inequality in skills , and ultimately , in wages and global standards of living .
When forming these basic research questions , sociologists develop an operational definition , that is , they define the concept in terms of the physical or concrete steps it takes to objectively measure it .
Sleep regulation refers to the brain ’s control of switching between sleep and wakefulness as well as coordinating this cycle with the outside world .
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) , an adult with a body mass index ( BMI ) between 25 and 29.9 is considered overweight ( [ link ] ) .
Democracy is sometimes summed up ( and oversimplified ) in two words : “ Majority rule . ”
Buckley v. Valeo , 75 - 436 , 424 U.S. 1 ( 1976 ) .
Even though people realize their level of fear and anxiety in relation to the phobic stimulus is irrational , some people with a specific phobia may go to great lengths to avoid the phobic stimulus ( the object or situation that triggers the fear and anxiety ) .
Reliability increases the likelihood that what happens to one person will happen to all people in a group .
In the antebellum era — that is , in the years before the Civil War — American planters in the South continued to grow Chesapeake tobacco and Carolina rice as they had in the colonial era .
He subsequently founded a school of psychology called individual psychology , which focuses on our drive to compensate for feelings of inferiority .
5415 .
In effect , the price floor causes the area H to be transferred from consumer to producer surplus , but also causes a deadweight loss of J + K . 4312 .
1277 .
The following Clear It Up feature discusses one cartel scandal in particular .
Several critiques have come to light since Elazar first introduced his theory of state political culture fifty years ago .
Quasar energy outputs may vary in times less than a year , so that the energy - emitting region must be less than a light year across .
This style of coverage became known as yellow journalism .
Chief among them are economic disparities across states , race - to - the - bottom dynamics ( i.e. , states compete to attract business by lowering taxes and regulations ) , and the difficulty of taking action on issues of national importance .
Amoebas and some other heterotrophic protist species ingest particles by a process called phagocytosis , in which the cell membrane engulfs a food particle and brings it inward , pinching off an intracellular membranous sac , or vesicle , called a food vacuole ( [ link ] ) .
7062 .
The graph shows the federal funds interest rate ( remember , this interest rate is set through open market operations ) , the unemployment rate , and the inflation rate since 1975 .
Absolute threshold refers to the minimum amount of stimulus energy that must be present for the stimulus to be detected 50 % of the time .
5830 .
The product rule states that the probability of two independent events occurring together can be calculated by multiplying the individual probabilities of each event occurring alone .
Many advances in women ’s rights have been the result of women ’s greater engagement in politics and representation in the halls of government , especially since the founding of the National Organization for Women in 1966 and the National Women ’s Political Caucus ( NWPC ) in 1971 .
All virions have a nucleic acid genome covered by a protective layer of proteins , called a capsid .
These women often feel very anxious and may even have panic attacks .
420 .
The cerebellum is also thought to be an important area for processing some types of memories .
The recessive trait does , however , reappear in the progeny of the hybrid offspring .
The national saving and investment identity , first introduced in The International Trade and Capital Flows chapter , provides a framework for showing the relationships between the sources of demand and supply in financial capital markets .
Each state had a governor and an elected legislature .
Imports are drawn in the Keynesian cross diagram as a downward - sloping line , with the downward slope determined by the marginal propensity to import ( MPI ) , out of national income .
4908 .
Likewise , the “ Cuba Libre ” movement founded by José Martí , who quickly established offices in New York and Florida , further stirred American interest in the liberation cause .
Jose Antonio Vargas , “ Vote or Die ?
Although there are some brain functions that are localized more to one hemisphere than the other , the functions of the two hemispheres are largely redundant .
This increase took place in spite of the twenty - six states that passed a variety of laws to prohibit the employment of married women .
The polarity of water causes it to have a relatively large dielectric constant of 80 .
In our example of how violent television programs affect children ’s display of violent behavior , the independent variable is the type of program — violent or nonviolent — viewed by participants in the study ( [ link ] ) .
The three types of cones are each receptive to one of the colors . 3617 .
In pairwise - end sequencing , both ends of each fragment are analyzed for overlap .
Therefore , some goods are provided by the government .
( Huckabee , Christie , and Fiorina dropped out relatively early . )
As Marshall pointed out , “ the acts of New York must yield to the law of Congress . ”Gibbons v. Ogden , 22 U.S. 1 ( 1824 ) .
They calculated the average cost of production for the water or electricity companies , added in an amount for the normal rate of profit the firm should expect to earn , and set the price for consumers accordingly .
The appendicular skeleton is composed of the bones of the upper limbs ( which function to grasp and manipulate objects ) and the lower limbs ( which permit locomotion ) .
The sequence and the number of amino acids ultimately determine the protein 's shape , size , and function .
Many seedless plants produce sperm equipped with flagella that enable them to swim in a moist environment to the archegonia : the female gametangium .
The distance from the center of the lens to its focal point is defined to be the focal lengthff size 12 { f } { } of the lens .
The Supreme Court generally enjoys less visibility than the other two branches of government , which leads to more stable but also less frequent polling results .
The lower the margin of error , the more predictive the poll .
6805 .
In projection , a person refuses to acknowledge her own unconscious feelings and instead sees those feelings in someone else .
For example , in 1999 and 2000 , the U.S. government had budget surpluses , although the economy was still experiencing trade deficits .
4388 .
If the measurements going into the calculation have small uncertainties ( a few percent or less ) , then the method of adding percents can be used for multiplication or division .
5567 .
In contrast , punishment always decreases a behavior .
An obvious example is the warming of the Earth by the Sun .
5172 .
Children in the concrete operational stage also understand the principle of reversibility , which means that objects can be changed and then returned back to their original form or condition .
6183 .
The first is a vertical line showing the level of potential GDP .
( a ) Phineas Gage holds the iron rod that penetrated his skull in an 1848 railroad construction accident .
Scientific knowledge is empirical : It is grounded in objective , tangible evidence that can be observed time and time again , regardless of who is observing . While behavior is observable , the mind is not .
Embedded in the thylakoid membrane is chlorophyll , a pigment ( molecule that absorbs light ) responsible for the initial interaction between light and plant material , and numerous proteins that make up the electron transport chain .
Obama won in one congressional district and earned one electoral vote from Nebraska . “Presidential Popular Vote Summary for All Candidates Listed on at Least One State Ballot , ” http://www.fec.gov/pubrec/fe2008/tables2008.pdf ( November 7 , 2015 ) .
2003 .
218 .
0 ° C } { } .
Like dominos toppling one another , entire regions would eventually be controlled by the Soviets .
Between the end of the Civil War and the beginning of the Great Depression , nearly two million African Americans fled the rural South to seek new opportunities elsewhere .
Julia Preston , “ Arizona Ruling Only a Narrow Opening for Other States , ” New York Times , 25 June 2012 .
2133 .
A recent case was the 2000 election , in which Democratic nominee Al Gore won the popular vote , while Republican nominee George W. Bush won the Electoral College vote and hence the presidency .
Compact bone tissue consists of units called osteons or Haversian systems .
1782 .
Lakes and ponds are found in terrestrial landscapes and are , therefore , connected with abiotic and biotic factors influencing these terrestrial biomes .
A phoneme ( e.g. , the sounds “ ah ” vs. “ eh ” ) is a basic sound unit of a given language , and different languages have different sets of phonemes .
As is the case with other anxiety disorders , the panic attacks can not result from the physiological effects of drugs and other substances , a medical condition , or another mental disorder .
The midbrain is comprised of structures located deep within the brain , between the forebrain and the hindbrain .
The Pauli exclusion principle is extremely powerful and very broadly applicable .
An exchange rate is nothing more than a price — that is , the price of one currency in terms of another currency — and so they can be analyzed with the tools of supply and demand .
Talcott Parsons ( 1951 ) was the first to discuss this in terms of the sick role : patterns of expectations that define appropriate behavior for the sick and for those who take care of them .
2830 .
3646 .
5982 .
Gravitational wavesIf a massive object distorts the space around it , like the foot of a water bug on the surface of a pond , then movement of the massive object should create waves in space like those on a pond .
The framers resolved this problem through a separation of powers , dividing the national government into three separate branches and assigning different responsibilities to each one , as shown in [ link ] .
When people have difficulty getting sleep due to their work or the demands of day - to - day life , they accumulate a sleep debt .
The same thing happened to local service , especially in recent years , with the growth in cellular phone systems . The combination of improvements in production technologies and a general sense that the markets could provide services adequately led to a wave of deregulation , starting in the late 1970s and continuing into the 1990s .
The nucleic acid fragments that are bound to the surface of the membrane can then be probed with specific radioactively or fluorescently labeled probe sequences .
Parental types are progeny that exhibit the same allelic combination as their parents .
Drafted by Thomas Jefferson , the Declaration of Independence officially proclaimed the colonies ’ separation from Britain .
The four - firm concentration ratio is calculated by adding the market shares of the four largest firms : in this case , 16 + 10 + 8 + 6 = 40 .
These follicles contain a viscous fluid , called colloid , which stores the glycoprotein thyroglobulin , the precursor to the thyroid hormones .
4619 .
Some continued to argue that campaign expenditures are a form of speech , a position with which two recent Supreme Court decisions are consistent .
3069 .
Even before the Citizens United decision allowed corporations and interest groups to run ads supporting candidates , shadow campaigns existed .
The approval of the First Amendment , as a part of the Bill of Rights , demonstrated the framers ’ belief that a free and vital press was important enough to protect .
By 2002 , thirty - six states had repealed their sodomy laws , and most states were only selectively enforcing them .
As a result , Indians swiftly lost control of reservation land . Ibid .
Stressful stimuli cause the hypothalamus to signal the adrenal medulla ( which mediates short - term stress responses ) via nerve impulses , and the adrenal cortex , which mediates long - term stress responses , via the hormone adrenocorticotropic hormone ( ACTH ) , which is produced by the anterior pituitary . Short - term Stress ResponseWhen presented with a stressful situation , the body responds by calling for the release of hormones that provide a burst of energy .
Evolutionary psychology , and specifically , the evolutionary psychology of humans , has enjoyed a resurgence in recent decades .
423 .
François Furstenberg .
965 .
This is antielectron or positron decay ( see [ link ] ) .
Torpor can be used by animals for long periods , such as entering a state of hibernation during the winter months , in which case it enables them to maintain a reduced body temperature .
Although at the beginning of the war President Abraham Lincoln had been willing to allow slavery to continue in the South to preserve the Union , he changed his policies regarding abolition over the course of the war .
4991 .
The result is that during an especially deep recession , an expansionary monetary policy may have little effect on either the price level or the real GDP .
3173 .
341 .
The radius is located along the lateral ( thumb ) side of the forearm and articulates with the humerus at the elbow .
The nucleotides combine with each other to form a polynucleotide , DNA or RNA .
Such a wave is called a transverse wave or shear wave ; in such a wave , the disturbance is perpendicular to the direction of propagation .
Consider the velocity of M1 , the total amount of currency in circulation and checking account balances .
People who have transformational leadership possess four attributes to varying degrees : They are charismatic ( highly liked role models ) , inspirational ( optimistic about goal attainment ) , intellectually stimulating ( encourage critical thinking and problem solving ) , and considerate ( Bass , Avolio , & Atwater , 1996 ) .
They were similar to hunter - gatherers in that they largely depended on the environment for survival , but since they did n’t have to abandon their location to follow resources , they were able to start permanent settlements .
Originally , three quark types — or flavors — were proposed to account for the then - known mesons and baryons .
5579 .
4295 .
Productive efficiency means producing without waste , so that the choice is on the production possibility frontier .
The Keynesian cross diagram contains two lines that serve as conceptual guideposts to orient the discussion .
The World Health Organization makes a distinction between the various terms used to describe handicaps that ’s important to the sociological perspective .
5991 .
620 .
Together , these two fertilization events in angiosperms are known as double fertilization ( [ link ] ) .
Elevation is the movement of a bone upward , such as when the shoulders are shrugged , lifting the scapulae .
5593 .
Because these men would be members of a “ transient ” body called together only for the purpose of choosing the president and would meet in separate deliberations in each state , they would be free of corruption and beyond the influence of the “ heats and ferments ” of the voters .
Another device that makes use of some of these principles is a Faraday cage .
4362 .
Indeed , all formal organizations are , or likely will become , bureaucracies .
A mole ( abbreviated mol ) is defined to be the amount of a substance that contains as many atoms or molecules as there are atoms in exactly 12 grams ( 0.012 kg ) of carbon-12 .
641 .
7066 .
6436 .
During the second Persian Gulf War , FOX News reporter Geraldo Rivera convinced the military to embed him with a U.S. Army unit in Iraq to provide live coverage of its day - to - day activities .
conflict theory has been criticized because it tends to focus on conflict to the exclusion of recognizing stability .
Along with the budget line are shown the three indifference curves from [ link ] .
One common symptom is hyperplasia , the abnormal proliferation of cells that causes the appearance of plant tumors known as galls .
Before the arrival of the Spanish , for example , the Inca people of the Andes consumed chicha , a corn beer , for ritual purposes only .
The penis contains three tubes of erectile tissue running through the length of the organ .
Dendritic cells are immune cells that process antigen material ; they are present in the skin ( Langerhans cells ) and the lining of the nose , lungs , stomach , and intestines .
The justices ruled that while the government did have an interest in protecting the “ potentiality of human life , ” nonetheless this had to be balanced against the interests of both women ’s health and women ’s right to decide whether to have an abortion .
The portion of the embryo between the cotyledon attachment point and the radicle is known as the hypocotyl ( hypocotyl means “ below the cotyledons ” ) .
The term culture refers to all of the beliefs , customs , art , and traditions of a particular society .
The population of leukocytes that arrives at an infection site depends on the nature of the infecting pathogen .
Most crustaceans are dioecious , which means that the sexes are separate .
1202 .
Ethnography is the extended observation of the social perspective and cultural values of an entire social setting .
5931 .
Introns are removed and degraded while the pre - mRNA is still in the nucleus .
1489 .
By the beginning of the twentieth century , led by the Progressives , the United States had begun to search for ways to govern large businesses that had managed to distort market forces by monopolizing the supply of goods .
Spongy bone tissue does not contain osteons that constitute compact bone tissue .
6801 .
This is a very broad definition because the scope of biology is vast .
Near the recombination nodule on each chromatid , the double - stranded DNA is cleaved , the cut ends are modified , and a new connection is made between the non - sister chromatids .
4938 .
3287 .
Though it may seem obvious now , with our awareness of ageism , age stratification theorists were the first to suggest that members of society might be stratified by age , just as they are stratified by race , class , and gender .
1120 .
Shareholders own a public company .
6677 .
Positrons created by the accelerator were brought to the same energy and collided with electrons in specially designed detectors . 2643 .
Judicial review lies at the core of the court ’s ability to check the other branches of government — and the states .
This culture might include shared language , religion , and traditions , among other commonalities .
As you learned in Environmental Protection and Negative Externalities , positive externalities are beneficial spillovers to a third party , or parties . Consider the example of the Big Drug Company , which is planning its R&D budget for the next year .
A single wave is measured from two consecutive points , such as from crest to crest or from trough to trough ( [ link ] ) . 304 .
In it , members of Congress act as either trustee or delegate based on rational political calculations about who is best served , the constituency or the nation .
Nor has public funding helped to solve the problem .
A democracy is a form of government that strives to provide all citizens with an equal voice , or vote , in determining state policy , regardless of their level of socioeconomic status .
The Civil Rights Act of 1964 prohibits employment discrimination based on race , color , religion , sex , or national origin .
2436 .
1654 .
2461 .
The line graph measures length in inches on the horizontal axis and weight in pounds on the vertical axis .
As the heart beats and the animal moves , the hemolymph circulates around the organs within the body cavity and then reenters the hearts through openings called ostia .
5786 .
The war effort was costly — with an eventual price tag in excess of $ 32 billion by 1920—and the government needed to finance it .
Members of the ACLU sometimes find the messages of those they defend ( including Nazis and the Ku Klux Klan ) deplorable , but they argue that the principle of protecting civil liberties is critical to U.S. democracy .
[ link ] shows a simple model of an atom with negative electrons orbiting its positive nucleus .
There are two kinds of communication in the world of living cells .
3937 .
6773 .
Virtual reality exposure therapy has been used effectively to treat numerous anxiety disorders such as the fear of public speaking , claustrophobia ( fear of enclosed spaces ) , aviophobia ( fear of flying ) , and post - traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) , a trauma and stressor - related disorder ( Gerardi , Cukor , Difede , Rizzo , & Rothbaum , 2010 ) .
The biological carbon pump is a crucial component of the carbon cycle that maintains lower atmospheric carbon dioxide levels .
1024 .
779 .
2581 .
5829 .
3700 .
2797 .
A trade surplus , you may remember , exists when a nation ’s exports exceed its imports .
The process is called x - ray diffraction , because it involves the diffraction and interference of x rays to produce patterns that can be analyzed for information about the structures that scattered the x rays .
The bond yield measures the rate of return a bond is expected to pay over time .
Microbial mats are a few centimeters thick , and they typically grow where different types of materials interface , mostly on moist surfaces .
And an inherent power , while not enumerated or implied , must be assumed to exist as a direct result of the country ’s existence .
1060 .
The movement of the economy from peak to trough and trough to peak is called the business cycle .
It was , however , one of the worst occurrences .
For many years , disorders that involve the cardiovascular system — known as cardiovascular disorders — have been a major focal point in the study of psychophysiological disorders because of the cardiovascular system ’s centrality in the stress response ( Everly & Lating , 2002 ) .
Witnesses were subpoenaed and required to testify before the committee ; refusal could result in imprisonment .
In the short term , they advocated suspending civilian government in most of the southern states and replacing politicians who had enacted the black codes .
For example , Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 authorizes the federal government to withhold federal grants as well as file lawsuits against state and local officials for practicing racial discrimination .
4155 .
1779 .
A number of different theories have been proposed , but they share a common tone .
Positron emission tomography ( PET ) scans create pictures of the living , active brain ( [ link ] ) .
To illustrate the use of these terms , consider the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the Canadian dollar since 1980 , shown in [ link ] ( a ) .
A person with bipolar disorder ( commonly known as manic depression ) often experiences mood states that vacillate between depression and mania ; that is , the person ’s mood is said to alternate from one emotional extreme to the other ( in contrast to unipolar , which indicates a persistently sad mood ) .
Purchasing a diversified group of the stocks or bonds has gotten easier in the Internet age , but it remains something of a task .
Instantaneous speed is the magnitude of instantaneous velocity .
Monetary policy , which involves policies that affect bank lending , interest rates , and financial capital markets , is conducted by a nation ’s central bank .
3818 .
The microsporangia , which are usually bi - lobed , are pollen sacs in which the microspores develop into pollen grains .
Sometimes , evolution gives rise to groups of organisms that become tremendously different from each other .
In this chapter , we begin the development of quantum mechanics and its description of the strange submicroscopic world .
An internal factor is an attribute of a person and includes personality traits and temperament .
2028 .
They argued that it was unfair to deny eighteen - year - olds the right to vote for the people who had the power to send them to war .
A selenium - coated aluminum drum is sprayed with positive charge from points on a device called a corotron .
An economist might say that people choose not to get a college degree because they may have to borrow money to go to college , and the interest they have to pay on that loan in the future will affect their decisions today .
IQ stands for intelligence quotient and describes a score earned on a test designed to measure intelligence .
6023 .
The Stanford Prison Experiment has some parallels with the abuse of prisoners of war by U.S. Army troops and CIA personnel at the Abu Ghraib prison in 2003 and 2004 .
Subculture and Counterculture
Synthesizing sugar from CO2 is one example .
6357 .
During the Second World War , Carl Hovland extensively researched persuasion for the U.S. Army .
The vertical axis in [ link ] ( a ) shows the price of $ 1 in U.S. currency , measured in terms of Canadian currency .
The act specified that schools consult with parents to create a plan tailored for each child ’s needs that would provide an educational experience as close as possible to that received by other children .
3612 .
What do the driver of an unlicensed hack cab in New York , a piecework seamstress working from her home in Mumbai , and a street tortilla vendor in Mexico City have in common ?
In order to neutralize the acidic chyme , a hormone called secretin stimulates the pancreas to produce alkaline bicarbonate solution and deliver it to the duodenum .
Scholars agree that some degree of polarization is occurring in the United States , even if some contend it is only at the elite level .
The discovery of the enzyme telomerase ( [ link ] ) helped in the understanding of how chromosome ends are maintained .
5894 .
The strands separate , and one of them is used as a template for the generation of mRNA using the RNA - dependent RNA polymerase encoded by the virus .
The accelerator in a car can in fact cause it to speed up .
Crew , and Nordstrom ’s ) , plus 14 more stores that sold women ’s specialty clothing ( like Motherhood Maternity and Victoria ’s Secret ) .
571 .
4796 .
Hate crimes in the United States evolved from the time of early European settlers and their violence toward Native Americans .
5682 .
Beyond voter polls , congressional representatives are also very interested in polls that reveal the wishes of interest groups and businesses .
For example , the Producer Price Index ( PPI ) is based on prices paid for supplies and inputs by producers of goods and services .
1186 .
Another is what Democritus in particular believed — that there is a smallest unit that can not be further subdivided .
It is more satisfying philosophically to think of something physical actually moving between objects acting at a distance .
Click here to follow the life cycle of the Obelia .
Cotton , however , emerged as the antebellum South ’s major commercial crop , eclipsing tobacco , rice , and sugar in economic importance .
The amygdala is composed of various subnuclei , including the basolateral complex and the central nucleus ( [ link ] ) .
( The company had involved itself heavily in the slave trade and in 1637 captured Elmina , the slave - trading post on the west coast of Africa , from the Portuguese . )
Neo - Luddites are people who see technology as symbolizing the coldness and alienation of modern life .
Many Americans were disillusioned in the post - World War I era , and their reactions took many forms .
Although the text of the provision does not mention rights specifically , the courts have held in a series of cases that it indicates there are certain fundamental liberties that can not be denied by the states .
1894 .
The anus is an opening at the far - end of the digestive tract and is the exit point for the waste material .
These signals are transmitted electrically across the soma and down a major extension from the soma known as the axon , which ends at multiple terminal buttons .
Soil bacteria , collectively called rhizobia , symbiotically interact with legume roots to form specialized structures called nodules , in which nitrogen fixation takes place .
George W. Bush and Dick Cheney won by the skin of their teeth with just 271 .
If government spending and taxes are equal , it is said to have a balanced budget .
How can an economist sort out all these interconnected events ?
This is especially true if the president has a mandate , which is more than half the popular vote .
96 .
1524 .
147 .
4380 .
3122 .
2111 .
4848 .
When a firm produces a product no one wants to buy or produces at a higher cost than its competitors , the firm is likely to suffer losses .
5436 .
It builds on the stimulation provided during the cephalic phase .
According to the functionalist perspective , health is vital to the stability of the society , and therefore sickness is a sanctioned form of deviance .
2473 .
4430 .
Up to 90 percent of the cell wall in Gram - positive bacteria is composed of peptidoglycan , and most of the rest is composed of acidic substances called teichoic acids .
2818 .
Two kinds of appraisals of a stressor are especially important in this regard : primary and secondary appraisals .
Australopithecus ( “ southern ape ” ) is a genus of hominin that evolved in eastern Africa approximately 4 million years ago and went extinct about 2 million years ago .
Supporters of the 1787 Constitution , known as Federalists , made the case that a centralized republic provided the best solution for the future .
3476 .
A theory is a well - developed set of ideas that propose an explanation for observed phenomena .
One of the first developers to take advantage of this method was William Levitt , who purchased farmland in Nassau County , Long Island , in 1947 and built thousands of prefabricated houses .
4946 .
Gender stereotypes form the basis of sexism .
It was not until Theodore Roosevelt unexpectedly became president in 1901 that the federal government would engage in Progressive reforms .
Other delegates , such as Edmund Randolph of Virginia , disapproved of the Constitution because it created a new federal judicial system .
The small distance between nerve cells allows the signal to travel quickly ; this enables an immediate response , such as , Take your hand off the stove !
While the laws varied in both content and severity from state to state , the goal of the laws remained largely consistent .
In contrast , deuterostomes undergo indeterminate cleavage , in which cells are not yet pre - determined at this early stage to develop into specific cell types .
Nodes are points of attachment for leaves , aerial roots , and flowers .
6405 .
Neutrophils , shown in [ link ] , are the most abundant leukocytes of the immune system .
The body ’s fluids include blood plasma , the cytosol within cells , and interstitial fluid , the fluid that exists in the spaces between cells and tissues of the body .
Net primary productivity is the energy that remains in the primary producers after accounting for the organisms ’ respiration and heat loss .
One of the most beautifully preserved medieval walled cities is Carcassonne , France .
Because the cell has a relatively higher concentration of water , water will leave the cell .
7036 .
Transduction results in a recombinant organism .
One such illusion that Westerners were more likely to experience was the Müller - Lyer illusion ( [ link ] ) :
This provision is similar to the Fifth Amendment in that it also refers to “ due process , ” a term that generally means people must be treated fairly and impartially by government officials ( or with what is commonly referred to as substantive due process ) .
Any given demand or supply curve is based on the ceteris paribus assumption that all else is held equal .
Agenda setting is the crucial first stage of the public policy process .
4257 .
Norming involves giving a test to a large population so data can be collected comparing groups , such as age groups .
2689 .
A curve like this is obtained by detecting many photons , and it is apparent that the maximum energy is unlikely .
Pennsylvania ’s constitution also eliminated the executive branch ( there was no governor ) and the upper house .
The best example of socialized medicine is in Great Britain , where the National Health System ( NHS ) gives free healthcare to all its residents .
Fertilization and meiosis alternate in sexual life cycles .
Leadership function refers to the main focus or goal of the leader .
On the plus side , each person has more than just one court system ready to protect his or her rights .
6724 .
Culture encompasses a group ’s way of life , from routine , everyday interactions to the most important parts of group members ' lives .
In this situation , allowing all inputs to expand does not much change the average cost of production , and it is called constant returns to scale .
If a business is making losses in the short run , it will either keep limping along or just shut down , depending on whether its revenues are covering its variable costs .
The greater heterogeneity provides more opportunities for coevolution , specialization , and perhaps greater selection pressures leading to population differentiation .
President George H. W. Bush ( right ) dines with Mikhail Gorbachev ( left ) at the Malta Summit in 1989 ( b ) .
The somites , illustrated in [ link ] will further develop into the ribs , lungs , and segmental ( spine ) muscle .
6588 .
2608 .
During the second phase , megagametogenesis , the surviving haploid megaspore undergoes mitosis to produce an eight - nucleate , seven - cell female gametophyte , also known as the megagametophyte or embryo sac .
Intelligence Specialist Second Class Tashawbaba McHerrin ( b ) hands a U.S. flag to a child visiting the USS Enterprise during Fleet Week in Port Everglades , Florida .
A 1970 documentary called Eye of the Storm illustrates the way in which prejudice develops , by showing how defining one category of people as superior ( children with blue eyes ) results in prejudice against people who are not part of the favored category .
Prejudice often begins in the form of a stereotype — that is , a specific belief or assumption about individuals based solely on their membership in a group , regardless of their individual characteristics .
Prior to conditioning , the dogs did not salivate when they just heard the tone because the tone had no association for the dogs .
Other examples of vectors include a velocity of 90 km / h east and a force of 500 newtons straight down .
This group serves emotional needs : expressive functions rather than pragmatic ones .
5661 .
Republicans saw this law , and three supplementary laws passed by Congress that year , called the Reconstruction Acts , as a way to deal with the disorder in the South .
The love at the core of that story , as well as the injustice at its end , is part of what has moved America on this issue so profoundly . ”
In this way , states could protect themselves , and slavery , from interference by what they perceived to be an overbearing central government .
3698 .
Today , many U.S. companies set up offices in other nations where the costs of resources and labor are cheaper .
5516 .
In cases of comorbidity , the best treatment is thought to address both ( or multiple ) disorders simultaneously ( NIDA , 2012 ) .
The owner of Hobby Lobby Stores , for example , a conservative Christian , argued that his company ’s health - care plan should not have to pay for contraception because his religious beliefs are opposed to the practice .
Similarly , communists and other revolutionary anarchists and socialists during the Red Scare after the war were prosecuted under various state and federal laws for supporting the forceful or violent overthrow of government .
Males are said to be hemizygous , because they have only one allele for any X - linked characteristic .
In this case , the sellers and buyers of concert tickets may both be quite satisfied with their voluntary exchange , but you have no voice in their market transaction .
6106 .
2213 .
A person with normal ( ideal ) vision can see objects clearly at distances ranging from 25 cm to essentially infinity .
Robert Salisbury , “ An Exchange Theory of Interest Groups , ” Midwest Journal of Political Science 13 ( 1969 ) : 1 – 32 ; Peter B. Clark and James Q. Wilson , “ Incentive Systems : A Theory of Organizations , ” Administration Science Quarterly 6 ( 1961 ) : 129 – 166 .
5662 .
In some cases , a polyploid individual will have two or more complete sets of chromosomes from its own species in a condition called autopolyploidy ( [ link ] ) .
791 .
Another complicating element is signal integration of the pathways , in which signals from two or more different cell - surface receptors merge to activate the same response in the cell .
2694 .
In other words , it is a bank ’s net worth .
In later stages , a second opening forms , and these two openings will eventually give rise to the mouth and anus ( [ link ] ) .
The first two reactions occur in the mitochondria and the last three reactions occur in the cytosol .
Cyclic AMP is synthesized by the enzyme adenylyl cyclase from ATP ( [ link ] ) .
Direct action also took such forms as the sit - in campaigns to desegregate lunch counters that began in Greensboro , North Carolina , in 1960 , and the 1961 Freedom Rides in which black and white volunteers rode buses and trains through the South to enforce a 1946 Supreme Court decision that desegregated interstate transportation ( Morgan v. Virginia ) .
Instead , the rally was interrupted — and eventually co - opted — by activists for Black Lives Matter ( [ link] ) .
3354 .
For an EM wave , we define the direction of polarization to be the direction parallel to the electric field .
1428 .
Activated T cells and B cells that are specific to molecular structures on the pathogen proliferate and attack the invading pathogen .
3529 .
Natural selection , also known as “ survival of the fittest , ” is the more prolific reproduction of individuals with favorable traits that survive environmental change because of those traits ; this leads to evolutionary change .
4941 .
During telophase , these Golgi vesicles are transported on microtubules to form a phragmoplast ( a vesicular structure ) at the metaphase plate .
This so - called duality is simply a term for properties of the photon analogous to phenomena we can observe directly , on a macroscopic scale .
The highest point of the economy , before the recession begins , is called the peak ; conversely , the lowest point of a recession , before a recovery begins , is called the trough .
From the standpoint of the supply - and - demand model of competitive and flexible labor markets , unemployment represents something of a puzzle .
The objects are then in thermal equilibrium , and no further changes will occur .
We can count subsections of this population to calculate voter turnout .
Most of the markets that consumers encounter at the retail level are monopolistically competitive .
Each retinex forms an image that is compared with the others , and the eye - brain system thus can compare a candle - illuminated white table cloth with its generally reddish surroundings and determine that it is actually white .
879 .
300 .
What happens between these two events depends on the organism .
Fragmentation is the breaking of the body into two parts with subsequent regeneration .
The number of protons determines an element ’s atomic number and is used to distinguish one element from another .
In National Labor Relations Board ( NLRB ) v. Jones and Laughlin Steel , National Labor Relations Board ( NLRB ) v. Jones & Laughlin Steel , 301 U.S. 1 ( 1937 ) .
The type of potential energy that exists within chemical bonds , and is released when those bonds are broken , is called chemical energy ( [ link ] ) .
849 .
In it , they argued that society is created by humans and human interaction , which they call habitualization .
However , the greatest strength of the association came from the unexpected and seldom - planned actions of its members , which included barricading roads into markets , attacking nonmember farmers , and destroying their produce .
The memory impairments are not caused by ordinary forgetting . 4224 .
It is based on the idea of free will , that people are born equal with the right to make decisions without government intervention .
6054 .
In return , indentured servants received paid passage to America and food , clothing , and lodging .
Each company and organization has an organizational culture .
Fearful of replacing one oppressive national government with another , however , the framers of the Articles of Confederation created an alliance of sovereign states held together by a weak central government .
But for technophiles , technology symbolizes the potential for a brighter future .
For mobile organisms , such as mammals , birds , or fish , a technique called mark and recapture is often used .
Einstein ’s theory of general relativity describes all types of relative motion including accelerated motion and the effects of gravity .
Several such states subsequently made changes to their voter ID laws and North Carolina changed its plans for how many polling places were available in certain areas .
5703 .
“H. R. 4872 — Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 , ” https://www.congress.gov/bill/111th-congress/house-bill/4872 ( March 1 , 2016 ) .
Radiation caused by a magnetic field accelerating a charged particle perpendicular to its velocity is called synchrotron radiation in honor of its importance in these machines .
In this situation , unemployment is low , but inflationary rises in the price level are a concern .
Does it mean sleeping on the ground , eating roots , and getting close to wild animals ?
2936 .
885 .
New York : Hill and Wang , 109 .
One disease that results in sensorineural hearing loss is Ménière 's disease .
6512 .
A person with a sleep debt does not get sufficient sleep on a chronic basis .
Health psychology focuses on how health is affected by the interaction of biological , psychological , and sociocultural factors .
Presbyopia occurs because the image focuses behind the retina .
The ankle transmits the weight of the body from the tibia and the fibula to the foot .
Banks are a financial intermediary — that is , an institution that operates between a saver who deposits money in a bank and a borrower who receives a loan from that bank .
Some statuses are ascribed — those you do not select , such as son , elderly person , or female .
His studied social ties within a group , or social solidarity , and hypothesized that differences in suicide rates might be explained by religion - based differences .
Natural opioids , called opiates , are derivatives of opium , which is a naturally occurring compound found in the poppy plant .
4460 .
4852 .
Gold , for example , has been used throughout the ages as money although today it is not used as money but rather is valued for its other attributes .
This prevents glucose from being absorbed by cells , causing high levels of blood glucose , or hyperglycemia ( high sugar ) .
Businesses have developed a number of schemes for creating barriers to entry by deterring potential competitors from entering the market .
In active listening , the therapist acknowledges , restates , and clarifies what the client expresses .
It included a pension fund for all retired people — except domestic workers and farmers , which therefore left many women and African Americans beyond the scope of its benefits — over the age of sixty - five , to be paid through a payroll tax on both employee and employer .
On September 20 , in an address to a joint session of Congress , Bush declared war on terrorism , blamed al - Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden for the attacks , and demanded that the radical Islamic fundamentalists who ruled Afghanistan , the Taliban , turn bin Laden over or face attack by the United States .
Initially , the Supreme Court overturned several key legislative proposals passed under Roosevelt , reasoning that they represented an overreach of presidential authority and were unconstitutional , such as Schechter Poultry Corp. v. United States .
Thus , to avoid giving the people too much direct power , the delegates made certain that senators were chosen by the state legislatures , not elected directly by the people ( direct elections of senators came with the Seventeenth Amendment to the Constitution , ratified in 1913 ) .
Also , the transaction may be characterized by asymmetric information , in which one party has more information than the other regarding the economic transaction .
435 .
This chapter also relates the model of aggregate supply and aggregate demand to the three goals of economic policy ( growth , unemployment , and inflation ) , and provides a framework for thinking about many of the connections and tradeoffs between these goals .
Such periods of mass extinction ( [ link ] ) have occurred repeatedly in the evolutionary record of life , erasing some genetic lines while creating room for others to evolve into the empty niches left behind .
The enacted programs allowed the federal government to play a broader role in revitalizing the economy while greatly expanding its power .
“ Miers , Under Fire From Right , Withdrawn as Court Nominee . ” Washington Post . 28 October 2005 . http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2005/10/27/AR2005102700547.html .
Democratic - Republicans championed limited government .
They are also called chimeric molecules because the origin of different parts of the molecules can be traced back to different species of biological organisms or even to chemical synthesis .
So successful have QCD and the electroweak theory been that , taken together , they are called the Standard Model .
2315 .
4830 .
Her successors , Laura Bush in the first decade of the twenty - first century and Michelle Obama in the second , returned to the roles played by predecessors in advocating less controversial policies : Laura Bush advocated literacy and education , while Michelle Obama has emphasized physical fitness and healthy diet and exercise .
698 .
Each of these powers also grants Congress oversight of the actions of the president and his or her administration — that is , the right to review and monitor other bodies such as the executive branch .
4411 .
Dilger , “ Federal Grants to State and Local Governments , ” 4 .
Each leaflet may have its own stalk , but is attached to the rachis .
Extant members of Cephalochordata are the lancelets , named for their blade - like shape .
Remember it was Alexander Hamilton in Federalist No. 78 who remarked that the courts had “ neither force nor will , but merely judgment . ”
5568 .
Not only did the act outlaw government discrimination and the unequal application of voting qualifications by race , but it also , for the first time , outlawed segregation and other forms of discrimination by most businesses that were open to the public , including hotels , theaters , and restaurants that were not private clubs .
2720 .
871 .
The “ C - shaped , ” fixed part of the small intestine is called the duodenum and is shown in [ link ] .
An example of a lytic bacteriophage is T4 , which infects Escherichia coli found in the human intestinal tract .
Volume measures the amount of air for one function ( such as inhalation or exhalation ) .
4324 .
5466 .
When people think of businesses , often giants like Wal - Mart , Microsoft , or General Motors come to mind .
5232 .
When placed in an external magnetic field , such nuclei experience a torque that pushes or aligns the nuclei into one of two new energy states — depending on the orientation of its spin ( analogous to the N pole and S pole in a bar magnet ) .
353 .
Mesons are hadrons that can decay to leptons and leave no hadrons , which implies that mesons are not conserved in number .
Without σ , the core enzyme would transcribe from random sites and would produce mRNA molecules that specified protein gibberish .
5721 .
For example , iron awls made the creation of shell beads among the native people of the Eastern Woodlands much easier , and the result was an astonishing increase in the production of wampum , shell beads used in ceremonies and as jewelry and currency .
4838 .
A symporter carries two different ions or molecules , both in the same direction .
Prior to the conflict , in Dred Scott v. Sandford , the Supreme Court ruled that the national government lacked the authority to ban slavery in the territories . Dred Scott v. Sandford , 60 U.S. 393 ( 1857 ) .
A poignant example is that of Trayvon Martin , a 17 - year - old African American who was shot by a neighborhood watch volunteer , George Zimmerman , in a predominantly White neighborhood in 2012 .
It also prohibited states from depriving their residents of life , liberty , or property without a legal proceeding .
This number can be measured for societies , nations , world regions , or other groups .
Fessler , “ Study : 1.8 Million Dead People Still Registered to Vote . ”
Basic Interests : The Importance of Groups in Political Science . Princeton , NJ : Princeton University Press .
5637 .
For example , imagine that four - year - old Allison watched her older sister Kaitlyn playing in their mother ’s makeup , and then saw Kaitlyn get a time out when their mother came in .
This strategy is called planned obsolescence , and it is the business practice of planning for a product to be obsolete or unusable from the time it is created .
New York : Routledge .
It often takes some months before the economic statistics signal clearly that a downturn has started , and a few months more to confirm that it is truly a recession and not just a one- or two - month blip .
A common ideology , or worldview , in the United States is the just - world hypothesis .
3742 .
6727 .
320 .
An analytical model is an ecosystem model that is created using simple mathematical formulas to predict the effects of environmental disturbances on ecosystem structure and dynamics .
The minimum amount necessary for self - sustained fission of a given nuclide is called its critical mass .
“ Well , it is clear that a drought reduces supply , so I will shift back the supply curve , as in the shift from the original supply curve S0 to S1 shown on the diagram ( called Shift 1 ) .
Imagine a beaker with a semipermeable membrane separating the two sides or halves ( [ link ] ) .
Crocodilia ( “ small lizard ” ) arose with a distinct lineage by the middle Triassic ; extant species include alligators , crocodiles , and caimans .
The elite critique suggests that certain interests , typically businesses and the wealthy , are advantaged and that policies more often reflect their wishes than anyone else ’s .
Due to the lens ’s shape , light is thus bent toward the axis at both surfaces .
The temporal theory of pitch perception asserts that frequency is coded by the activity level of a sensory neuron .
In United States v. Windsor , the Supreme Court changed the dynamic established by DOMA by ruling that the federal government had no authority to define marriage .
1219 .
A critical element of this definition is that it emphasizes the importance of how we appraise — that is , judge — demanding or threatening events ( often referred to as stressors ) ; these appraisals , in turn , influence our reactions to such events .
Muslims , however , retained control of much of Spain , where Córdoba , known for leather and wool production , became a major center of learning and trade .
There has also been much work suggesting that optimism — the general tendency to look on the bright side of things — is also a significant predictor of positive health outcomes .
Stock represents ownership of a firm ; that is , a person who owns 100 % of a company ’s stock , by definition , owns the entire company .
( This is not the same type of polarization as that discussed for the separation of charges . )
Mechanical solidarity exists in simpler societies where social cohesion comes from sharing similar work , education , and religion .
Forests , water , and fisheries , however , are a type of public good called common goods , which are not excludable but may be finite .
The problem of majority versus minority politics is particularly acute under conditions of divided government .
Okazaki fragments are named after the Japanese scientist who first discovered them .
These reactions have a net release of energy , but still require some energy in the beginning .
The Articles of Confederation made no provision for an executive branch , although they did use the term “ president ” to designate the presiding officer of the Confederation Congress , who also handled other administrative duties .
This process of decision making suggests a rule to follow when maximizing utility .
The embryonic axis consists of three parts : the plumule , the radicle , and the hypocotyl .
Thus , substitution bias — the rise in the price of a fixed basket of goods over time — tends to overstate the rise in a consumer ’s true cost of living , because it does not take into account that the person can substitute away from goods whose relative prices have risen .
3394 .
6339 .
4585 .
1912 .
At times the United States has been free trade – oriented , while at other times it has been protectionist .
This type of thinking was common in preindustrial societies where strong bonds of kinship and a low division of labor created shared morals and values among people , such as hunter - gatherer groups .
The most common way price supports work is that the government enters the market and buys up the product , adding to demand to keep prices higher than they otherwise would be .
The head is rudimentary and protrudes out of the posterior end of the shell .
Many systems oscillate , and they have certain characteristics in common .
5445 .
Imports are 0.1 of real GDP in this example , and the level of imports is calculated in the fifth column .
Rods are specialized photoreceptors that work well in low light conditions , and while they lack the spatial resolution and color function of the cones , they are involved in our vision in dimly lit environments as well as in our perception of movement on the periphery of our visual field .
T cells and B cells of the adaptive immune system also are classified as lymphocytes .
In 1995 , President Bill Clinton comforted and encouraged the families of the employees and children killed at the bombing of the Oklahoma City Federal Building .
In these cases , the courts are applying the rational basis test .
6259 .
Since the authority inherent in the Articles of Confederation and the Confederation Congress had rested on the consent of the states , changes to the nation ’s government should also have been ratified by the state legislatures .
The ecosystem is composed of all the biotic components ( living things ) in an area along with the abiotic components ( non - living things ) of that area .
Frank R. Baumgartner and Beth L. Leech . 1998 .
A chromosome inversion is the detachment , 180 ° rotation , and reinsertion of part of a chromosome .
6401 .
Centenarians are people living to be 100 years old , and they are approximately 1,000 times more common than supercentenarians .
6644 .
5706 .
3897 .
2945 .
At a conference in Munich later that year , Great Britain ’s prime minister , Neville Chamberlain , and France ’s prime minister , Édouard Daladier , agreed to the partial dismemberment of Czechoslovakia and the occupation of the Sudetenland ( a region with a sizable German population ) by German troops ( [ link ] ) .
1932 .
The Land of Funny Money
Let ’s take a look at terms that define a bureaucracy to understand what they mean . Hierarchy of authority refers to the aspect of bureaucracy that places one individual or office in charge of another , who in turn must answer to her own superiors .
However , there are also two periods of severe negative inflation — called deflation — in the early decades of the twentieth century : one following the deep recession of 1920–21 and the other during the Great Depression of the 1930s .
One key factor that affects what financial institutions are willing to pay for a loan , when they buy it in the secondary loan market , is the perceived riskiness of the loan : that is , given the characteristics of the borrower , such as income level and whether the local economy is performing strongly , what proportion of loans of this type will be repaid ?
1057 .
2248 .
They not only built the town of Harmony but also produced surplus goods to sell to the outside world .
Naïve CD4 + cells bind APCs via their antigen - embedded MHC II molecules and are stimulated to become helper T ( TH ) lymphocytes , cells that go on to stimulate B cells ( or cytotoxic T cells ) directly or secrete cytokines to inform more and various target cells about the pathogenic threat .
Interaural timing difference refers to the small difference in the time at which a given sound wave arrives at each ear ( [ link ] ) .
Abdullah Halimah , “ Eastwood , the Empty Chair , and the Speech Everyone ’s Talking About , ” 31 August 2012 , http://www.cnn.com/2012/08/31/politics/eastwood-speech/ ( March 14 , 2016 ) .
Pollination takes two forms : self - pollination and cross - pollination .
Today , currents induced by magnetic fields are essential to our technological society .
The characteristics of each group in the Baltimore classification are summarized in [ link ] with examples of each group .
846 .
However , the U.S. Supreme Court upheld the authority of the independent commission in a 5 – 4 decision titled Arizona State Legislature v. Arizona Independent Redistricting Commission ( 2015 ) .
In 1975 , after the heightened partisanship of the civil rights era , the Senate further weakened the filibuster by reducing the number needed for cloture from two - thirds to three - fifths , or sixty votes , where it remains today ( except for judicial nominations for which only fifty - five votes are needed to invoke cloture ) .
However , current research supports a more refined view called induced fit ( [ link ] ) .
This select group of presidential supporters highlights the importance of party loyalty to Jackson and the Democratic Party .
Pharyngeal slits are openings in the pharynx ( the region just posterior to the mouth ) that extend to the outside environment .
The clavicles are S - shaped bones that position the arms on the body .
For example , in the early 1980s , famine in Ethiopia drew worldwide attention , which resulted in increased charitable giving to the country .
Latent content , on the other hand , refers to the hidden meaning of a dream .
6392 .
1711 .
Individuals who suffer from RBD have high levels of physical activity during REM sleep , especially during disturbing dreams .
In Batesian mimicry , a harmless species imitates the warning coloration of a harmful one .
6637 .
2912 .
Perhaps the most pressing issue for middle - income nations is the problem of debt accumulation .
6864 .
The resultant looks like a wave standing in place and , thus , is called a standing wave .
2723 .
Our history is littered with examples of polling companies producing results that incorrectly predicted public opinion due to poor survey design or bad polling methods .
The liver produces bile , a digestive juice that is required for the breakdown of fatty components of the food in the duodenum .
Structural isomers ( like butane and isobutene shown in [ link ] a ) differ in the placement of their covalent bonds : both molecules have four carbons and ten hydrogens ( C4H10 ) , but the different arrangement of the atoms within the molecules leads to differences in their chemical properties .
It does not specify the details of the system , such as the order in which heads and tails occur or which coins are heads or tails .
The culture in which you live is one of the most important environmental factors that shapes your personality ( Triandis & Suh , 2002 ) .
These corporations will either have one or more in - house lobbyists , who work for one interest group or firm and represent their organization in a lobbying capacity , and/or will hire a contract lobbyist , individuals who work for firms that represent a multitude of clients and are often hired because of their resources and their ability to contact and lobby lawmakers , to represent them before the legislature .
Perhaps the clearest sign of Congress ’ ineffectiveness is that the threat of government shutdown has become a constant .
One of Rogers ’s main ideas about personality regards self - concept , our thoughts and feelings about ourselves .
2082 .
Hydrocarbons are organic molecules consisting entirely of carbon and hydrogen , such as methane ( CH4 ) described above .
In the minds of its members and many other northerners of the time , southern slaveholders had marshaled their wealth and power to control national politics for the purpose of protecting the institution of slavery and extending it into the territories .
Generally , households or firms with insurance make regular payments , called premiums .
When various materials are rubbed together in controlled ways , certain combinations of materials always produce one type of charge on one material and the opposite type on the other .
” Hazelwood School District et al. v. Kuhlmeier et al. , 484 U.S. 260 ( 1988 ) .
1710 .
3577 .
6067 .
1481 .
When we say humidity , we really mean relative humidity .
The following notation is used to represent a particular nuclide :
Another role of schools , according to functionalist theory , is that of sorting , or classifying students based on academic merit or potential .
Continuing his strategy of pitting one Communist nation against another , in May 1972 , Nixon made another newsworthy trip , traveling to Moscow to meet with the Soviet leader Leonid Brezhnev .
In this relationship , the parasite benefits , but the organism being fed upon , the host is harmed .
On July 2 , 1776 , Congress declared American independence from Britain and two days later signed the Declaration of Independence .
Merkel ’s disks respond to light pressure , while Ruffini corpuscles detect stretch ( Abraira & Ginty , 2013 ) .
Male and female sporangia are produced either on the same plant , described as monoecious ( “ one home ” or bisexual ) , or on separate plants , referred to as dioecious ( “ two homes ” or unisexual ) plants .
The macroeconomic equilibrium along the vertical aggregate supply curve can occur at a variety of different price levels , and the natural rate of unemployment can be consistent with all different rates of inflation .
Progressive , powerful economic and institutional changes started to have a significant effect in the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries .
Such war can be offensive , as were the Iraq War in 2003 and the 1989 removal of Panamanian leader Manuel Noriega .
President George H. W. Bush greets U.S. troops stationed in Saudi Arabia on Thanksgiving Day in 1990 .
1856 .
4077 .
5286 .
6797 .
However , the combination of many firms entering or exiting the market will affect overall supply in the market .
2393 .
5461 .
The 2016 presidential election between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump was especially important because the next president is likely to choose three justices .
Kennedy also established the Agency for International Development to oversee the distribution of foreign aid , and he founded the Peace Corps , which recruited idealistic young people to undertake humanitarian projects in Asia , Africa , and Latin America .
The effective income tax , which is total taxes paid divided by total income ( all sources of income such as wages , profits , interest , rental income , and government transfers such as veterans ’ benefits ) , was much lower .
First , social welfare policy is designed to ensure some level of equity in a democratic political system based on competitive , free - market economics .
Once a ligand binds to a receptor , the signal is transmitted through the membrane and into the cytoplasm .
Nevertheless , a recession is not a situation where all business failures are exactly counterbalanced by an offsetting number of successes .
For example , in 2008 the Belgian beer - brewing company InBev bought the U.S. beer - maker Anheuser - Busch for $ 52 billion .
Both the innate and adaptive levels of the immune response involve secreted proteins , receptor - mediated signaling , and intricate cell - to - cell communication .
3297 .
The Curie temperature for iron is 1043 K ( 770 º C ) ( 770 º C ) size 12 { \ ( " 770" ° C \ ) } { } , which is well above room temperature .
In angiosperms , pollination is defined as the placement or transfer of pollen from the anther to the stigma of the same flower or another flower .
This was an annual per - person tax , typically one or two dollars ( on the order of $ 20 to $ 50 today ) , that a person had to pay to register to vote .
An asset is something of value that is owned and can be used to produce something .
Imagine a central bank faced with a government that is running large budget deficits , causing a rise in interest rates and crowding out private investment .
When the cell is in the growth and maintenance phases of its life cycle , proteins are attached to chromosomes , and they resemble an unwound , jumbled bunch of threads .
5159 .
3154 .
Using the method of significant figures , the rule is that the last digit written down in a measurement is the first digit with some uncertainty .
This belief is called the elite theory of government .
Bank regulation is intended to maintain the solvency of banks by avoiding excessive risk .
Four western states — Utah , Colorado , Wyoming , and Idaho — did extend the right to vote to women in the late nineteenth century , but no other states did .
The regulation of gene expression can occur at all stages of the process ( [ link ] ) .
1789 .
Rotifers obtain food that is directed toward the mouth by the current created from the movement of the corona .
889 .
5442 .
4883 .
6674 .
The cytochrome complex , an enzyme composed of two protein complexes , transfers the electrons from the carrier molecule plastoquinone ( Pq ) to the protein plastocyanin ( Pc ) , thus enabling both the transfer of protons across the thylakoid membrane and the transfer of electrons from PSII to PSI .
Other species , such as the Chytridiomycota that reside in the rumen of cattle , are are obligate anaerobes , in that they only use anaerobic respiration because oxygen will disrupt their metabolism or kill them .
They include boron ( B ) , chlorine ( Cl ) , manganese ( Mn ) , iron ( Fe ) , zinc ( Zn ) , copper ( Cu ) , molybdenum ( Mo ) , nickel ( Ni ) , silicon ( Si ) , and sodium ( Na ) .
Notice that marginal utility diminishes as additional units are consumed , which means that each subsequent unit of a good consumed provides less additional utility .
This is also known as the law of inertia .
5024 .
Myc is a transcription factor that is aberrantly activated in Burkett ’s Lymphoma , a cancer of the lymph system .
4494 .
5088 .
The result is that during an especially deep recession , an expansionary monetary policy may have little effect on either the price level or the real GDP .
The two systems have complementary functions , operating in tandem to maintain the body ’s homeostasis .
The key differences between the synapsids , anapsids , and diapsids are the structures of the skull and the number of temporal fenestrae behind each eye ( [ link ] ) .
They provide structural support , mainly to the stem and leaves .
When they encounter grey areas , many follow the federal negotiated rulemaking process to propose a solution , that is , detailing how particular new federal polices , regulations , and/or programs will be implemented in the agencies .
In a given species , chromosomes can be identified by their number , size , centromere position , and banding pattern .
To curtail widespread anticompetitive practices in the railroad industry , Congress passed the Interstate Commerce Act in 1887 , which created the Interstate Commerce Commission .
1693 .
The Land Law of 1800 further encouraged land sales in the Northwest Territory by reducing the minimum parcel size by half and enabling sales on credit , with the goal of stimulating settlement by ordinary farmers .
Both the inner and outer membranes of the nuclear envelope are phospholipid bilayers .
5047 .
Language is a symbolic system through which people communicate and through which culture is transmitted .
The STFU organized , protested , and won its members some wage increases through the mid- 1930s , but the overall plight of these workers remained dismal .
This approximation of mass can be used to easily calculate how many neutrons an element has by simply subtracting the number of protons from the mass number .
1472 .
Public policy can attempt to build a ladder of opportunities so that , even though all children will never come from identical families and attend identical schools , each child has a reasonable opportunity to attain an economic niche in society based on their interests , desires , talents , and efforts .
Ingestion is the process of taking in food through the mouth .
The conjoined sister chromatids , with a diameter of about 1 µm , are visible under a light microscope .
The exemption also requires legitimation by a physician ; that is , a physician must certify that the illness is genuine .
Madison offered a rather sketchy outline of the executive branch , leaving open whether what he termed the “ national executive ” would be an individual or a set of people .
The OPM has responsibility for recruiting , interviewing , and testing potential government employees in order to choose those who should be hired .
2464 .
If the budget deficits are increasing aggregate demand when the economy is already producing near potential GDP , threatening an inflationary increase in price levels , the central bank may react with a contractionary monetary policy .
Under the Miller test , obscenity is something that appeals to deviants , breaks local or state laws , and lacks value .
The primers are removed by the exonuclease activity of DNA pol I , and the gaps are filled in by deoxyribonucleotides .
Industrial psychology is concerned with describing job requirements and assessing individuals for their ability to meet those requirements .
It is this variant that constitutes the prion particle .
Transition substitution refers to a purine or pyrimidine being replaced by a base of the same kind ; for example , a purine such as adenine may be replaced by the purine guanine .
However , when news of his many personal corrupt bargains began to surface , a significant portion of the party chose to break from the traditional Stalwarts - versus - Half - Breeds debate and form their own faction , the Mugwumps , a name taken from the Algonquin phrase for “ great chief . ”
This work went into heat , light , sound , vibration , and considerable rotational kinetic energy .
6043 .
Stock represents ownership of a firm ; that is , a person who owns 100 % of a company ’s stock , by definition , owns the entire company .
Freud suggested that during this patient - therapist relationship , the patient comes to develop strong feelings for the therapist — maybe positive feelings , maybe negative feelings .
Finally , the statistics introduced at the start of the chapter reveal information about intertemporal choices .
Susan Gardner , “ Baltimore Erupts into Chaos : Governor activates National Guard , ” 27 April 2015 . http://www.dailykos.com/story/2015/04/27/1380756/-Baltimore-erupts-into-chaos-Governor-activates-National-Guard # .
Contested dynastic succession produced chronic conflict and warfare in Europe .
Passage through the channel allows polar compounds to avoid the nonpolar central layer of the plasma membrane that would otherwise slow or prevent their entry into the cell .
Biological rhythms are internal rhythms of biological activity .
For example , following the Bush v. Gore case ( 2000 ) , in which the court instructed Florida to stop recounting ballots and George W. Bush won the Electoral College , 80 percent of Republicans approved of the court , versus only 42 percent of Democrats .
5290 .
1397 .
The inflationary gap also requires a bit of interpreting .
6550 .
The White House staff members engaged in foreign policy are likely to have very regular contact with the president about their work .
2276 .
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) , an adult with a body mass index ( BMI ) between 25 and 29.9 is considered overweight ( [ link ] ) .
Estimates suggest that up to three percent of people in the United States will be diagnosed with epilepsy in their lifetime .
Lung volumes are measured by a technique called spirometry .
Together , these two fertilization events in angiosperms are known as double fertilization ( [ link ] ) .
According to Chief Justice Earl Warren in the Supreme Court case of Bolling v. Sharpe ( 1954 ) , “ discrimination may be so unjustifiable as to be violative of due process . ”Bolling v. Sharpe , 347 U.S. 497 ( 1954 ) .
Instead , the Republican Party nominated a three - time governor from Ohio , Rutherford B. Hayes .
This includes those that are trained or skilled for one type or level of work who are working in a lower paying job or one that does not utilize their skills .
In 2016 , Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump became the center of the media ’s horserace coverage .
Genome mapping is the process of finding the locations of genes on each chromosome .
5359 .
The events of 1793 and 1794 challenged the simple interpretation of the French Revolution as a happy chapter in the unfolding triumph of republican government over monarchy .
Terrestrial organisms have evolved other mechanisms to excrete nitrogenous wastes .
2151 .
As yet another example of a government program affected by indexing , in 1996 the U.S. , government began offering indexed bonds .
For more on the difficulties of defining markets , refer to Monopoly . This new approach to antitrust regulation involves detailed analysis of specific markets and companies , instead of defining a market and counting up total sales .
With a smart card , you can store a certain value of money on the card and then use the card to make purchases .
3656 .
Psyche comes to represent the human soul ’s triumph over the misfortunes of life in the pursuit of true happiness ( Bulfinch , 1855 ) ; in fact , the Greek word psyche means soul , and it is often represented as a butterfly .
In filtration , material moves according to its concentration gradient through a membrane ; sometimes the rate of diffusion is enhanced by pressure , causing the substances to filter more rapidly .
Barter — literally trading one good or service for another — is highly inefficient for trying to coordinate the trades in a modern advanced economy .
While Social Security was designed to provide cash payments to sustain the aged and disabled , Medicare and Medicaid were intended to ensure that vulnerable populations have access to health care .
The middle ear contains three tiny bones known as the ossicles , which are named the malleus ( or hammer ) , incus ( or anvil ) , and the stapes ( or stirrup ) .
The aggressive use ( or threat ) of hard power is the core value of neoconservatism .
Nurses ’ salary will move down toward equilibrium . In contrast , if the salary is below the equilibrium at , say , $ 60,000 per year , then a situation of excess demand or a shortage arises .
Umami is our fifth taste .
Many types of diverging characters may affect the reproductive isolation , the ability to interbreed , of the two populations .
Assuming they share the same predators , this coloration then protects the harmless ones , even though they do not have the same level of physical or chemical defenses against predation as the organism they mimic .
The act called for the removal of the Five Civilized Tribes from their home in the southeastern United States to land in the West , in present - day Oklahoma .
Fruits generally have three parts : the exocarp ( the outermost skin or covering ) , the mesocarp ( middle part of the fruit ) , and the endocarp ( the inner part of the fruit ) .
337 .
Recall that a reduction is the gain of an electron by an atom or molecule .
4907 .
Because of the unequal distribution of electrons between the atoms of different elements , a slightly positive ( δ+ ) or slightly negative ( δ – ) charge develops .
4512 .
For example , corporations and political institutions may lobby government for tax exemptions , fewer regulations , or favorable laws that benefit individual companies or an industry more generally .
4790 .
5075 .
5409 .
4791 .
Imprinting
Higher densities have been reached than with tokamaks , but with smaller confinement times .
The neritic zone ( [ link ] ) extends from the intertidal zone to depths of about 200 m ( or 650 ft ) at the edge of the continental shelf .
In order to explore the substructure of atoms ( and knowing that magnetic fields affect moving charges ) , the Dutch physicist Hendrik Lorentz ( 1853 – 1930 ) suggested that his student Pieter Zeeman ( 1865 – 1943 ) study how spectra might be affected by magnetic fields .
The famous Stanford prison experiment , conducted by social psychologist Philip Zimbardo and his colleagues at Stanford University , demonstrated the power of social roles , social norms , and scripts .
The Nasdaq index , which includes many smaller technology companies , increased in value by a multiple of five from 1994 to 2000 .
3522 .
Consider the duties of a parent : cooking , cleaning , driving , problem - solving , acting as a source of moral guidance — the list goes on .
5362 .
To achieve this , we must pay attention to two important variables , or things that can be changed , in any experimental study : the independent variable and the dependent variable .
Economic or military assistance from the U.S. government to other countries fits into this category , as does spending abroad by charities to address poverty or social inequalities .
4572 .
By this he meant that if an owner did not work to produce or earn the property , then the owner was stealing it from those who did .
Some mutations are not expressed ; these are known as silent mutations .
137 .
3448 .
248 .
All of the ocean ’s open water is referred to as the pelagic realm ( or zone ) .
Unlike an article that might be published in a magazine like Psychology Today , which targets a general audience with an interest in psychology , scientific journals generally publish peer - reviewed journal articles aimed at an audience of professionals and scholars who are actively involved in research themselves .
Any substance that has free electrons and allows charge to move relatively freely through it is called a conductor .
Native peoples had no immunity to diseases from across the Atlantic , to which they had never been exposed .
6440 .
As people lost hope of reuniting as a society with common interests and goals , many focused on issues of significance to the subgroups to which they belonged , based on culture , ethnicity , sexual orientation , gender , and religion .
5410 .
This became important in that election when Andrew Jackson won the popular vote and the largest number of electors , but the presidency was given to John Quincy Adams instead .
To be sure , even if total supply always creates an equal amount of total demand , the economy could still experience a situation of some firms earning profits while other firms suffer losses .
Additionally , full - length positive RNA strands are made to serve as templates for the production of the negative - stranded genome .
Now imagine that firms which produce refrigerators must factor in these external costs of pollution — that is , the firms have to consider not only the costs of labor and materials needed to make a refrigerator , but also the broader costs to society of injuries to health and other values caused by pollution .
Discrimination based on gender or sex is generally examined with intermediate scrutiny .
The free rider problem can be expressed in terms of the prisoner ’s dilemma game , which is discussed as a representation of oligopoly in Monopolistic Competition and Oligopoly . 4617 .
Dumping refers to selling goods below their cost of production .
Gage 's case occurred in the midst of a 19th century debate over localization — regarding whether certain areas of the brain are associated with particular functions .
With a hard peg policy , domestic monetary policy is effectively no longer determined by domestic inflation or unemployment , but only by what monetary policy is needed to keep the exchange rate at the hard peg .
2285 .
5002 .
In a closed primary , only members of the political party selecting nominees may vote .
Each organ of the fetus develops during a specific period in the pregnancy , called the critical or sensitive period ( [ link ] ) .
Some attempts have been made to streamline voter registration .
2890 .
In reversible reactions , reactants are turned into products , but when the concentration of product goes beyond a certain threshold ( characteristic of the particular reaction ) , some of these products will be converted back into reactants ; at this point , the designations of products and reactants are reversed .
These powers stem from the elastic clause in Article I , Section 8 , of the Constitution , which provides Congress the authority “ to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the Foregoing powers . ”
This form of representation is called descriptive representation .
For example , the average citizen of Burundi , the lowest - income country , subsists on $ 150 per year ( adjusted to 2005 dollars ) .
1008 .
W. E. B .
The upper curve ending at point B is an isothermal process — that is , one in which temperature is kept constant .
4081 .
4149 .
2884 .
A blood vessel and a nerve are found in the center of the structure within the Haversian canal , with radiating circles of lacunae around it known as lamellae .
In this type of authority , power is vested in a particular rationale , system , or ideology and not necessarily in the person who implements the specifics of that doctrine .
However , the proposal instantly drew fire from a larger faction of Republicans in Congress who did not want to deal moderately with the South .
Disorders like fibromyalgia or chronic fatigue syndrome may be either true illnesses or only in the patients ’ heads , depending on the opinion of the medical professional .
What is it about pre - teens and young teens that make them want to fit in ( [ link ] ) ?
It states that global inequality is primarily caused by core nations ( or high - income nations ) exploiting semi - peripheral and peripheral nations ( or middle - income and low - income nations ) , which creates a cycle of dependence ( Hendricks 2010 ) .
Some of Stewart ’s criticisms resonated , even with host Paul Begala , and Crossfire was later pulled from the air .
Festinger ’s theory of cognitive dissonance states that when we experience a conflict in our behaviors , attitudes , or beliefs that runs counter to our positive self - perceptions , we experience psychological discomfort ( dissonance ) .
Most stayed in the South , hiding in plain sight among free blacks in urban areas .
This type of receptor spans the plasma membrane and performs signal transduction , in which an extracellular signal is converted into an intercellular signal .
As for a hypertonic solution , the prefix hyper- refers to the extracellular fluid having a higher osmolarity than the cell ’s cytoplasm ; therefore , the fluid contains less water than the cell does .
Some of the abiotic components include air , water , and soil .
These hormones target the breakdown of fat into fatty acids in the adipose tissue .
Once it is excited , the atom can de - excite in several ways , one of which is to re - emit a photon of the same energy as excited it , a single step back to the ground state .
An axon is a tube - like structure that propagates the integrated signal to specialized endings called axon terminals .
Most economists view the proposals for a perpetually balanced budget with bemusement .
Even though CDOs consisted of subprime mortgages , credit card debt , and other risky investments , credit ratings agencies had a financial incentive to rate them as very safe .
Senators John McCain ( R - AZ ) and Russ Feingold ( former D - WI ) cosponsored the Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act of 2002 ( BCRA ) , also referred to as the McCain – Feingold Act .
An example of positive punishment is scolding a student to get the student to stop texting in class .
Schizophrenia is a serious and often debilitating mental illness affecting one percent of people in the United States .
Usually the gel is made of a chemical called agarose .
One way to get involved in the fight for civil rights is to stay informed .
An individual receiving a PET scan drinks or is injected with a mildly radioactive substance , called a tracer .
“ Curtis Act ( 1898 ) , ” http://www.okhistory.org/publications/enc/entry.php?entry=CU006 ( April 10 , 2016 ) .
Some pluralist scholars like David Truman suggest that people naturally join groups and that there will be a great deal of competition for access to decision - makers . David B. Truman 1951 .
3909 .
3363 .
3074 .
Finally , recipients of general revenue sharing faced the least restrictions on the use of federal grants .
In 2003 , the Supreme Court reaffirmed the Bakke decision in Grutter v. Bollinger , which said that taking race or ethnicity into account as one of several factors in admitting a student to a college or university was acceptable , but a system setting aside seats for a specific quota of minority students was not .
These receptors include Meissner ’s corpuscles , Pacinian corpuscles , Merkel ’s disks , and Ruffini corpuscles .
6048 .
If the price of a good that you have been buying falls , then in effect your buying power has risen — you are able to purchase more goods .
Other organisms , such as animals , fungi , and most other bacteria , are termed heterotrophs ( “ other feeders ” ) , because they must rely on the sugars produced by photosynthetic organisms for their energy needs .
694 .
Commonly , this process also includes drilling horizontally into the rock to create new pathways for gas to travel .
4611 .
In general , congressional powers can be divided into three types : enumerated , implied , and inherent .
750 .
Congressional candidates running in the 2014 Senate elections raised $ 634 million , while candidates running for the House of Representatives raised $ 1.03 billion .
A Bank ’s Balance SheetA balance sheet is an accounting tool that lists assets and liabilities .
While the General Services Administration oversees the logistics of the process , such as office assignments , information technology , and the assignment of keys , prudent candidates typically prepare for a possible victory by appointing members of a transition team during the lead - up to the general election .
As with Group IV viruses , dsRNA intermediates are used to make copies of the genome and produce mRNA .
The behavior of Pavlov ’s dogs and Tiger illustrates a concept Pavlov called spontaneous recovery : the return of a previously extinguished conditioned response following a rest period ( [ link]).This is the curve of acquisition , extinction , and spontaneous recovery .
Russia experienced hyperinflation — an outburst of high inflation — of 2,500 % per year in the early 1990s , although by 2006 Russia ’s consumer price inflation had dipped below 10 % per year , as shown in [ link ] .
We might look back at the enormous and clunky computers of the 1970s that had about as much storage as an iPod Shuffle and roll our eyes in disbelief .
In this example , a type of receptor called a mechanoreceptor ( as shown in [ link ] ) possesses specialized membranes that respond to pressure .
In deliberately setting out to create a new direction and new orientation for psychology , Seligman helped establish a growing movement and field of research called positive psychology ( Compton , 2005 ) .
6415 .
2789 .
In China , where patrilocal and patrilineal customs are common , the written symbols for maternal grandmother ( wáipá ) are separately translated to mean “ outsider ” and “ women ” ( Cohen 2011 ) .
The limbic system is a connected set of structures that regulates emotion , as well as behaviors related to fear and motivation .
1248 .
6907 .
The vital capacity ( VC ) measures the maximum amount of air that can be inhaled or exhaled during a respiratory cycle .
TSH binding at the receptors of the follicle of the thyroid triggers the production of T3 and T4 from a glycoprotein called thyroglobulin .
2503 .
6502 .
The Twelfth Amendment , ratified in 1804 , provided for the separate election of president and vice president as well as setting out ways to choose a winner if no one received a majority of the electoral votes .
A rally is usually a one - time event , for instance , and belonging to a political party does n’t imply interaction with others .
7048 .
Executive agreements are formal agreements negotiated between two countries but not ratified by a legislature as a treaty must be .
3477 .
“ The Federal Budget in 2015 : An Infographic , ” 6 January 2016 . www.cbo.gov/publication/51110 ( March 1 , 2016 ) . .
Glycolysis takes place in the cytoplasm of both prokaryotic and eukaryotic cells .
To help make sure information goes from short - term memory to long - term memory , you can use memory - enhancing strategies .
The stomata are typically located on the underside of the leaf , which helps to minimize water loss .
225 .
If Larry buys a private good like a piece of pizza , then he can exclude others , like Lorna , from eating that pizza . 4615 .
In this chapter , we focus on perfect competition .
The Heritage Foundation , one such group , soon became the intellectual arm of the conservative movement .
Hadrons are particles that feel the strong nuclear force , whereas leptons are particles that do not .
The relaxation response approach is conceptualized as a general approach to stress reduction that reduces sympathetic arousal , and it has been used effectively to treat people with high blood pressure ( Benson & Proctor , 1994 ) .
Another illustration of religious beliefs is the creation stories we find in different religions .
4237 .
Robinson , Tragedy of Democracy .
176 .
Hagfishes are eel - like scavengers that live on the ocean floor and feed on dead invertebrates , other fishes , and marine mammals ( [ link ] ) .
Although you can make a purchase with a credit card , it is not considered money but rather a short term loan from the credit card company to you .
Income Elasticity of Demand
Voluntary treatment means the person chooses to attend therapy to obtain relief from symptoms .
When the animal pushes the button or lever , the box is able to deliver a positive reinforcement of the behavior ( such as food ) or a punishment ( such as a noise ) or a token conditioner ( such as a light ) that is correlated with either the positive reinforcement or punishment .
These newer groups tended to prefer more confrontational approaches , including the use of direct action campaigns relying on marches and demonstrations .
It is often characterized as violence between household or family members , specifically spouses .
In socialist countries , the government also usually owns and controls utilities such as electricity , transportation systems like airlines and railroads , and telecommunications systems .
A firm or a factory can grow so large that it becomes very difficult to manage , resulting in unnecessarily high costs as many layers of management try to communicate with workers and with each other , and as failures to communicate lead to disruptions in the flow of work and materials .
Offspring appear to be a “ blend ” of their parents ’ traits when we look at characteristics that exhibit continuous variation .
The Tea Party is an example of a so - called astroturf movement , because it is not , strictly speaking , a grassroots movement .
5902 .
As an individual continues through stage 1 sleep , there is an increase in theta wave activity .
These biases are summarized in [ link ] .
An organic compound is a chemical compound that contains carbon , such as carbon dioxide obtained from the atmosphere .
Grassroots Progressives pushed forward their agenda of direct democracy through the passage of three state - level reforms .
6015 .
This belief is called the elite theory of government .
Its severity differs from person to person .
7081 .
But later court challenges led to the removal of limits on personal spending and ended the ban on ads run by interest groups in the days leading up to an election .
A prototype is the best example or representation of a concept .
Freud ’s third stage of psychosexual development is the phallic stage ( 3–6 years ) , corresponding to the age when children become aware of their bodies and recognize the differences between boys and girls .
Renal blood supply starts with the branching of the aorta into the renal arteries ( which are each named based on the region of the kidney they pass through ) and ends with the exiting of the renal veins to join the inferior vena cava .
An important measurement taken during spirometry is the forced expiratory volume ( FEV ) , which measures how much air can be forced out of the lung over a specific period , usually one second ( FEV1 ) .
3846 .
The apex ( tip ) of the shoot contains the apical meristem within the apical bud .
2502 .
1792 .
Inadequate iodine intake , which occurs in many developing countries , results in an inability to synthesize T3 and T4 hormones .
July 27 , 2010 . http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/broadus-effect-social-desirability-bias/ ( February 18 , 2016 ) .
The power in an oligarchy is held by a small , elite group .
The leaders of the Washingtonians came not from the ranks of Protestant ministers but from the working class .
In a mixture of gases , the total pressure is the sum of partial pressures of the component gases , assuming ideal gas behavior and no chemical reactions between the components .
4102 .
It is defined as marginal revenue minus marginal cost .
4977 .
Hamilton went on to argue that listing some rights might actually be dangerous , because it would provide a pretext for people to claim that rights not included in such a list were not protected .
A shock hazard occurs when electric current passes through a person .
The spring and fall turnover is a seasonal process that recycles nutrients and oxygen from the bottom of a freshwater ecosystem to the top of a body of water ( [ link ] ) .
3597 .
[ link ] shows the U.S. nominal and real GDP since 1960 .
Morbid obesity is defined as having a BMI over 40 .
Once it is excited , the atom can de - excite in several ways , one of which is to re - emit a photon of the same energy as excited it , a single step back to the ground state .
Campbell , “ Civil Service Reform , ” 100 .
Capillary beds contain a large number ( 10 to 100 ) of capillaries that branch among the cells and tissues of the body .
Because political cultures vary from state to state , the process of voter registration similarly varies .
386 .
In simple terms , biology is the study of living organisms and their interactions with one another and their environments .
2474 .
Essentially , political parties are groups of people with similar interests who work together to create and implement policies .
These are called push polls .
They help the cell resist compression , provide a track along which vesicles move through the cell , and pull replicated chromosomes to opposite ends of a dividing cell .
One subset of neoclassical economists holds that the adjustment of wages and prices in the macroeconomy might be quite rapid indeed .
1460 .
The types of hypersensitivities include immediate , delayed , and autoimmunity .
746 .
( To use an example from today , the punishment for speeding by an out - of - state driver can not be more severe than the punishment for an in - state driver ) .
In dicots , the hypocotyls extend above ground , giving rise to the stem of the plant .
It remains to be seen whether this gradual trend toward the elimination of the death penalty by the states will continue , or whether the Supreme Court will eventually decide to follow former Justice Harry Blackmun ’s decision to “ no longer … tinker with the machinery of death ” and abolish it completely .
4243 .
6612 .
4860 .
Supply - siders , on the other hand , prefer regressive tax systems , which lower the overall rate as individuals make more money .
5857 .
A Punnett square , devised by the British geneticist Reginald Punnett , can be drawn that applies the rules of probability to predict the possible outcomes of a genetic cross or mating and their expected frequencies .
In mid-2009 , the U.S. minimum wage was raised to $ 7.25 per hour .
5032 .
In the same year , the Clean Air Act was enacted to address air pollution .
[ link ] ( b ) shows how vectors representing the external forces add together to produce a net force ,
This subgroup includes several parasites , collectively called trypanosomes , which cause devastating human diseases and infect an insect species during a portion of their life cycle .
These pre - miRNAs are chopped into mature miRNAs by a protein called dicer .
4007 .
It neutralizes any acid residue in the urethra left over from urine .
3459 .
One approach is to use an expansionary monetary policy that leads to lower interest rates .
5950 .
Using the negative logarithm to generate positive integers , high concentrations of hydrogen ions yield a low pH number , whereas low levels of hydrogen ions result in a high pH .
New York : Holt , Rinehart & Winston .
5670 .
The president also exercises the power of pardon without conditions .
This single pathway is called by different names : the citric acid cycle ( for the first intermediate formed — citric acid , or citrate — when acetate joins to the oxaloacetate ) , the TCA cycle ( since citric acid or citrate and isocitrate are tricarboxylic acids ) , and the Krebs cycle , after Hans Krebs , who first identified the steps in the pathway in the 1930s in pigeon flight muscles .
Merkel ’s disks respond to light pressure , while Ruffini corpuscles detect stretch ( Abraira & Ginty , 2013 ) .
The tricky aspect to shared ancestral and shared derived characters is the fact that these terms are relative .
The Journal of the American Medical Association reported that , among MRSA - afflicted persons in healthcare facilities , the average age is 68 , whereas people with “ community - associated MRSA ” ( CA - MRSA ) have an average age of 23.2
As this chapter has suggested , the provisions of the Bill of Rights have been interpreted and reinterpreted repeatedly over the past two centuries .
The mesoderm that lies on either side of the vertebrate neural tube will develop into the various connective tissues of the animal body .
The dependent variable is the effect , or thing that is changed .
This forced migration , known as the Trail of Tears , caused the deaths of as many as four thousand Cherokee ( [ link ] ) .
Nevertheless , women continued to be denied jobs because of their sex and were often sexually harassed at the workplace .
3284 .
The charges associated with these molecules will form hydrogen bonds with water , surrounding the particle with water molecules .
6420 .
The number of breaths per minute is the respiratory rate .
It may occur slowly , but over time , it will force prices and exchange rates to align so that the price of internationally traded goods is similar in all countries .
4755 .
6039 .
3087 .
This powerful couple ruled for the next twenty - five years , centralizing authority and funding exploration and trade with the East .
The acceleration of free - falling objects is therefore called the acceleration due to gravity .
A classic example of this type of selection is the evolution of the peppered moth in eighteenth- and nineteenth - century England .
In group situations , the group often takes action that individuals would not perform outside the group setting because groups make more extreme decisions than individuals do .
446 .
Health psychology focuses on how health is affected by the interaction of biological , psychological , and sociocultural factors .
2241 .
This small amount of energy input necessary for all chemical reactions to occur is called the activation energy ( or free energy of activation ) and is abbreviated EA ( [ link ] ) .
One final reason why economists often treat the national interest argument skeptically is that almost any product can be touted by lobbyists and politicians as vital to national security .
In 1999 , Justice John Paul Stevens , writing for a majority of the Supreme Court , argued in Saenz v. Roe that the clause protects the right to travel from one state to another .
The amendment passed Congress in March 1972 , and was sent to the states for ratification with a deadline of seven years for passage ; if the amendment was not ratified by thirty - eight states by 1979 , it would die .
One of your responsibilities is to manage the state budget and determine how to best spend your constituents ’ tax dollars .
To analyze these questions , let ’s consider a situation where all firms in an industry must negotiate with a single union , and no firm is allowed to hire nonunion labor .
4403 .
4584 .
People from collectivistic cultures , such as some Asian cultures , are more likely to emphasize relationships with others than to focus primarily on the individual .
3852 .
The cytoplasm is the entire region of a cell between the plasma membrane and the nuclear envelope ( a structure to be discussed shortly ) .
For example , for the category of civil disobedience , your prototype could be Rosa Parks .
In either case , the amendment indicates that government officials are required to apply for and receive a search warrant prior to a search or seizure ; this warrant is a legal document , signed by a judge , allowing police to search and/or seize persons or property .
So long as George Washington was a candidate , his election was a foregone conclusion .
In between these extremes are states of consciousness related to daydreaming , intoxication as a result of alcohol or other drug use , meditative states , hypnotic states , and altered states of consciousness following sleep deprivation .
Others , called achieved statuses , are obtained by choice , such as a high school dropout , self - made millionaire , or nurse .
The Clery Act of 1990 , formally the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act , requires public and private colleges and universities that participate in federal student aid programs to disclose information about campus crime .
Three days later , Congress issued a joint resolution authorizing the president to use all means necessary against the individuals , organizations , or nations involved in the attacks .
Progress in the field of fungal biology was the result of mycology : the scientific study of fungi .
2839 .
Traditional economies organize their economic affairs the way they have always done ( i.e. , tradition ) .
In 1988 , the Democrats tapped Arkansas governor Bill Clinton to introduce their nominee Michael Dukakis at the convention .
The Keynesian AD / AS ModelThe Keynesian View of the AD / AS Model uses an SRAS curve , which is horizontal at levels of output below potential and vertical at potential output .
Under President Lyndon B. Johnson in the 1960s , that number reached 2.2 million , and the federal budget increased to $ 332 billion.https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/data-analysis-documentation/federal-employment-reports/historical-tables/total-government-employment-since-1962 ( May 15 , 2016 ) .
3578 .
Social epidemiology can reveal how social problems are connected to the health of different populations .
The ratification of the Twenty - Fourth Amendment in 1964 ended poll taxes , but the passage of the Voting Rights Act ( VRA ) in 1965 had a more profound effect ( [ link ] ) .
These ideas become part of the citizens ’ frame of reference and affect their decisions .
The behavior caused by the conditioned stimulus is called the conditioned response ( CR ) .
Some protists can function as mixotrophs , obtaining nutrition by photoautotrophic or heterotrophic routes , depending on whether sunlight or organic nutrients are available .
In 2014 , in the case of McCullen v. Coakley , the U.S. Supreme Court struck down the law that created a buffer zone between protestors and clinic entrances .
For example , life expectancy at birth in many low - income regions approximates those who are more affluent .
The place theory of pitch perception suggests that different portions of the basilar membrane are sensitive to sounds of different frequencies .
Atoms form molecules .
If the economy is suffering a recession and high unemployment , with output below potential GDP , expansionary monetary policy can help the economy return to potential GDP .
Some slaveholders responded to this situation by freeing slaves ; far more decided to sell their excess bondsmen .
Examples include a group of people attending an Ani DiFranco concert , tailgating at a Patriots game , or attending a worship service .
There is a certain probability of finding the particle at a given location , and the overall pattern is called a probability distribution .
2076 .
The binding of the receptors in this manner enables their intracellular domains to come into close contact and activate each other .
Large nuclei are described by a liquid drop model with surface tension and oscillation modes , because the large number of nucleons act like atoms in a drop .
2067 .
2374 .
Eichmann ’s defense for the atrocities he committed was that he was “ just following orders . ” Milgram ( 1963 ) wanted to test the validity of this defense , so he designed an experiment and initially recruited 40 men for his experiment .
In 1846 , as the United States and Mexico were bickering over the messy issue of where Texas ’s southern border lay , Polk purposely raised anxieties and ruffled feathers through his envoy in Mexico .
Each of these traits has been demonstrated to be relatively stable over the lifespan ( e.g. , Rantanen , Metsäpelto , Feldt , Pulkinnen , and Kokko , 2007 ; Soldz & Vaillant , 1999 ; McCrae & Costa , 2008 ) and is influenced by genetics ( e.g. , Jang , Livesly , and Vernon , 1996 ) .
After 1 day and 24 of these cycles , the population would have increased from 1000 to more than 16 billion .
A single substance tends to move from an area of high concentration to an area of low concentration until the concentration is equal across a space .
4017 .
Most notably , in an effort to support the American economy during the early stages of the Depression , the president signed into law the Smoot - Hawley Tariff in 1930 .
This equation for marginal utility is : MU = change in total utility change in quantity MU = change in total utility change in quantity
The rise of free news blogs , such as the Huffington Post , have made it difficult for newspapers to force readers to purchase online subscriptions to access material they place behind a digital paywall .
The unemployment that occurs in the meantime , as workers move between jobs , is called frictional unemployment .
6513 .
To many revolutionaries , especially wealthy landowners , merchants , and planters , democracy did not offer a good replacement for monarchy .
Because externalities that occur in market transactions affect other parties beyond those involved , they are sometimes called spillovers .
Unable to feed themselves , the tribes became dependent on the Bureau of Indian Affairs ( BIA ) in Washington , DC , for support .
6013 .
188 .
This statement has been used to support the federal government ’s playing a role in controversial policy matters , such as the provision of healthcare , the expansion of power to levy and collect taxes , and regulation of interstate commerce .
States that align with Elazar ’s individualistic political culture see the government as a mechanism for addressing issues that matter to individual citizens and for pursuing individual goals .
In humans , bronchioles with a diameter smaller than 0.5 mm are the respiratory bronchioles .
( credit : modification of work by “ Nancy Pelosi ” / Flickr )
Technological globalization is speeded in large part by technological diffusion , the spread of technology across borders .
In other words , there may be a tradeoff between inflation and unemployment when people expect no inflation , but when they realize inflation is occurring , the tradeoff disappears .
One of these was the Alliance for Progress , which collaborated with the governments of Latin American countries to promote economic growth and social stability in nations whose populations might find themselves drawn to communism .
7021 .
The ratification of the Twenty - Fourth Amendment in 1964 ended poll taxes , but the passage of the Voting Rights Act ( VRA ) in 1965 had a more profound effect ( [ link ] ) .
According to Bandura , pure behaviorism could not explain why learning can take place in the absence of external reinforcement .
The two candidates with the most votes become the final candidates for the general election .
In its place , the law created two new federal agencies : the Office of Personnel Management ( OPM ) and the Merit Systems Protection Board ( MSPB ) .
These voters are often called party identifiers , since they usually represent themselves in public as being members of a party , and they may attend some party events or functions .
The time it takes to determine that a recession has occurred is often called the recognition lag .
Several hints related to an underlying substructure emerge from an examination of these particle characteristics .
In Latin , omnivore means to eat everything .
The part that is grafted or attached is called the scion .
This makes it difficult for voters juggling school , work , and child care during polling hours ( [ link ] ) .
A cell does not have the ability to develop into any cell type .
4582 .
6561 .
This is defined to be the de Broglie wavelength .
If it is released , indeed it would do work .
You might have even used some to test whether the water in a swimming pool is properly treated .
This repulsion makes the ADP and ATP molecules inherently unstable .
In people with OCD , the orbitofrontal cortex becomes especially hyperactive when they are provoked with tasks in which , for example , they are asked to look at a photo of a toilet or of pictures hanging crookedly on a wall ( Simon , Kaufmann , Müsch , Kischkel , & Kathmann , 2010 ) .
This chapter deals with the simplest form of curved motion , uniform circular motion , motion in a circular path at constant speed .
5169 .
A few years later , Thomas Dewey lost the 1948 presidential election to Harry Truman , despite polls showing Dewey far ahead and Truman destined to lose ( [ link ] ) .
An individual with more than the correct number of chromosome sets ( two for diploid species ) is called polyploid .
5945 .
170 .
124 .
Other PACs are either politically or ideologically oriented .
6297 .
Supporters of the 1787 Constitution , known as Federalists , made the case that a centralized republic provided the best solution for the future .
6119 . v. Heller , 554 US 570 ( 2008 ) , p. 3 .
Crack cocaine , a smokable type of cocaine popular with poorer addicts , was hitting the streets in the 1980s , frightening middle - class Americans .
The competitive exclusion principle states that two species can not occupy the same niche in a habitat .
5591 .
6992 .
340 .
3404 .
A debit card , like a check , is an instruction to the user ’s bank to transfer money directly and immediately from your bank account to the seller .
The Hawthorne effect is unavoidable in some research .
Convergence theory explains that as a country 's economy grows , its societal organization changes to become more like that of an industrialized society .
This process is called summation and occurs at the axon hillock , as illustrated in [ link ] .
The thousands swept up in the movement believed in the possibility of creating a much better world .
6958 .
Crocodilians ( [ link ] ) live throughout the tropics and subtropics of Africa , South America , Southern Florida , Asia , and Australia .
4625 .
Calhoun fell out of favor with President Jackson , who defended Peggy Eaton and derided those who would not socialize with her , declaring she was “ as chaste as a virgin . ”
The Twelfth Amendment limited the House ’s choice to the three candidates with the greatest number of electoral votes .
Renewable forms of energy are those sources that can not be used up , such as water , wind , solar , and biomass .
5730 .
5572 .
But this condition , they believed , would correct itself on its own if the government simply allowed the system to operate .
4185 .
Imprinting is a type of learning that occurs at a particular age or a life stage that is rapid and independent of the species involved .
2216 .
We can be sure the workers in a Cuban cigar factory , for example , which are owned or leased by global core nation companies , are not enjoying the same privileges and rights as U.S. workers .
Displaced persons have fled their homes while remaining inside their country ’s borders .
Many economic transactions are made in a situation of imperfect information , where either the buyer , the seller , or both , are less than 100 % certain about the qualities of what is being bought and sold .
This aptly named protein binds a substance and , in doing so , triggers a change of its own shape , moving the bound molecule from the outside of the cell to its interior ( [ link ] ) ; depending on the gradient , the material may move in the opposite direction .
The mitotic spindles are depolymerized into tubulin monomers that will be used to assemble cytoskeletal components for each daughter cell .
Condoleezza Rice ( c ) had a more difficult road , earning thirteen votes against , the most for any secretary of state nominee since Henry Clay in 1825 .
Five years later , the Court did it again , convincing many that the country may be witnessing the beginning of a rollback in Congress ’s power to regulate in the states .
When we hold a stereotype about a person , we have expectations that he or she will fulfill that stereotype .
Most preganglionic neurons in the sympathetic nervous system originate in the spinal cord , as illustrated in [ link ] .
4 May 2015 .
This is sometimes referred to as the bully pulpit approach .
President Grant previously had great success with the “ bloody shirt ” strategy in the 1868 election , when Republican supporters attacked Democratic candidate Horatio Seymour for his sympathy with New York City draft rioters during the war .
515 ( 1832 ) .
Like some absolute monarchies , dictatorships may be corrupt and seek to limit or even eradicate the liberties of the general population .
A social role is a pattern of behavior that is expected of a person in a given setting or group ( Hare , 2003 ) .
4315 .
Auxins also act as a relay for the effects of the blue light and red / far - red responses .
3305 .
Both men and women experience increases in muscle tone during this time .
In sociology , a theory is a way to explain different aspects of social interactions and to create a testable proposition , called a hypothesis , about society ( Allan 2006 ) .
5930 .
The cells are held tightly against each other by proteins ( predominantly two proteins called claudins and occludins ) .
A commensal relationship occurs when one species benefits from the close , prolonged interaction , while the other neither benefits nor is harmed .
Group III viruses use dsRNA as their genome .
Wright Mills ( 1956 ) elaborated on some of Marx ’s concepts , coining the phrase power elite to describe what he saw as the small group of powerful people who control much of a society .
During the gastric phase , the hormone gastrin is secreted by G cells in the stomach in response to the presence of proteins .
3621 .
Biodiversity hotspots are geographical areas that contain high numbers of endemic species .
In some situations , pain results from damage to neurons of either the peripheral or central nervous system .
Millions of Americans purchased more than $ 185 billion worth of war bonds .
The Inca had no system of writing , however .
Their excretory system consists of two tubules connected to a highly branched duct system .
5778 .
While it is true that courts play a major role in policymaking , they have no mechanism to make their rulings a reality .
4128 .
Influenced by evangelical Protestantism , Garrison and other abolitionists believed in moral suasion , a technique of appealing to the conscience of the public , especially slaveholders .
4870 .
For example , Marshall Segall , Donald Campbell , and Melville Herskovits ( 1963 ) published the results of a multinational study in which they demonstrated that individuals from Western cultures were more prone to experience certain types of visual illusions than individuals from non - Western cultures , and vice versa .
This distinguishing feature of land plants gave the group its alternate name of embryophytes .
The therapist informs the client about confidentiality , fees , and what to expect in treatment .
4205 .
This strategy , which came to be known as the policy of containment , formed the basis for U.S. foreign policy and military decision making for more than thirty years .
Those who invoked Fifth Amendment protections , or were otherwise suspected of Communist sympathies , often lost their jobs or found themselves on a blacklist , which prevented them from securing employment .
RISC binds along with the miRNA to degrade the target mRNA .
At times the United States has been free trade – oriented , while at other times it has been protectionist .
For example , an excited atom , with an electron in an energy orbit higher than normal , releases a photon of a specific frequency when the electron drops back to a lower energy orbit .
The value chain describes how a good is produced in stages .
3273 .
Their opponents , known as Hunkers , refused to support it .
Justice Kennedy has become known as the “ swing ” vote , particularly on decisions like the Court ’s same - sex marriage rulings in 2015 , because he sometimes takes a more liberal position and sometimes a more conservative one .
Congress finally came to an agreement , called the Missouri Compromise , in 1820 .
As the famous British economist Joan Robinson wrote some decades ago : “ [ E ] conomic theory , in itself , preaches no doctrines and can not establish any universally valid laws .
Many of these positions were given to party bosses and their friends .
Or does being happy make you smile ?
As electronic books , like this one , become more available , you would expect to see a decrease in demand for traditional printed books .
Morbidity is the incidence of disease .
128 .
Conservative forces were discussed in Conservative Forces and Potential Energy .
From the olfactory bulb , information is sent to regions of the limbic system and to the primary olfactory cortex , which is located very near the gustatory cortex ( Lodovichi & Belluscio , 2012 ; Spors et al . , 2013 ) .
4262 .
For example , the Reagan presidency is often remembered for two controversial nominees to the Supreme Court — Robert Bork and Douglas Ginsburg , the former accused of taking an overly conservative and “ extremist view of the Constitution ” John M. Broder .
A society ’s political structure and practices provide insight into the distribution of power and wealth , as well as larger philosophical and cultural beliefs . 5808 .
When people experience immunosuppression , they become susceptible to any number of infections , illness , and diseases .
6031 .
5457 .
In Schenck v. United States , the Supreme Court ruled that people encouraging young men to dodge the draft could be imprisoned for doing so , arguing that recommending that people disobey the law was tantamount to “ falsely shouting fire in a theatre and causing a panic ” and thus presented a “ clear and present danger ” to public order . Schenck v. United States , 249 U.S. 47 ( 1919 ) .
A signal sequence is a short tail of amino acids that directs a protein to a specific cellular compartment .
The taste of umami , also known as savoriness , is attributable to the taste of the amino acid L - glutamate .
292 .
We tend to focus more on the loss than the gain .
Simple Harmonic Motion ( SHM ) is the name given to oscillatory motion for a system where the net force can be described by Hooke ’s law , and such a system is called a simple harmonic oscillator .
6182 .
The most capable students are identified early in schools through testing and classroom achievements .
A detrital food web consists of a base of organisms that feed on decaying organic matter ( dead organisms ) , called decomposers or detritivores .
Phylum Monilophyta : Class Psilotopsida ( Whisk Ferns )
Budding occurs commonly in some invertebrate animals such as corals and hydras .
Normally , we are not aware of the different roles that our two hemispheres play in day - to - day functions , but there are people who come to know the capabilities and functions of their two hemispheres quite well .
Monarchy rests on the practice of dynastic succession , in which the monarch ’s child or other relative inherits the throne .
Think about how you learned your multiplication tables as a child .
New York was the first U.S. megalopolis , a huge urban corridor encompassing multiple cities and their surrounding suburbs .
[ link ] shows the ratio of debt / GDP since 1940 .
It includes land , water , and even the atmosphere to a certain extent . Art ConnectionThe biological levels of organization of living things are shown .
Technological change is a combination of invention — advances in knowledge — and innovation , which is putting that advance to use in a new product or service .
If imports exceed exports , the economy is said to have a trade deficit .
Secondary ossification centers form in the epiphyses as blood vessels and osteoblasts enter these areas and convert hyaline cartilage into spongy bone .
When they move to a hypertonic marine environment , these fish start drinking sea water ; they excrete the excess salts through their gills and their urine , as illustrated in [ link]b .
At the other end of the political spectrum are elite - driven forms of government .
The ( a ) colorized scanning - electron micrograph shows a closed stoma of a dicot .
The U.S. government has implemented a number of programs to assist those below the poverty line and those who have incomes just above the poverty line , who are referred to as the near - poor .
Such crystals are said to be birefringent ( see [ link ] ) .
Mendel was the first researcher to see it .
The lines between checking and savings accounts have blurred in the last couple of decades , as many banks offer checking accounts that will pay an interest rate similar to a savings account if you keep a certain minimum amount in the account , or conversely , offer savings accounts that allow you to write at least a few checks per month .
2044 .
4204 .
This outcome is an important example of a macroeconomic externality , where what happens at the macro level is different from and inferior to what happens at the micro level .
Political party membership is one of the most common heuristics in voting .
While diplomatic relations are not always rosy , when they are operating it does suggest that things are going well between the countries .
Oliver Cromwell headed the new English Commonwealth , and the period known as the English interregnum , or the time between kings , began .
5625 .
Agonist and antagonist drugs are prescribed to correct the specific neurotransmitter imbalances underlying a person ’s condition .
2883 .
Even without significant life changes , some people may simply choose to discontinue their participation in the project .
More recently , John Zogby , of Zogby Analytics , went public with his prediction that John Kerry would win the presidency against incumbent president George W. Bush in 2004 , only to be proven wrong on election night .
While these changes do n’t occur simultaneously in one cancer , changes at each of these levels can be detected when observing cancer at different sites in different individuals .
Finally , fatuous love is defined by having passion and commitment , but no intimacy , such as a long term sexual love affair .
What is biology ?
In May 1861 , Union general Benjamin Butler and others labeled these refugees from slavery contrabands .
This argument points out that , even if most people would be willing — at least hypothetically — to see a decline in their own wages in bad economic times as long as everyone else also experienced such a decline , a market - oriented economy has no obvious way to implement a plan of coordinated wage reductions .
The wall was erected in 1963 by East Germany to keep its citizens from defecting to West Berlin .
6320 .
Fibrous connective tissues contain large amounts of collagen fibers and few cells or matrix material .
7058 .
3465 .
A vocal proponent of segregation and white supremacy , Thurmond had made no secret of his views and had earlier run for the presidency on a segregationist platform .
These displays are ubiquitous in the animal kingdom .
Stimulation of the sensory receptor activates the associated afferent neuron , which carries information about the stimulus to the central nervous system .
During DNA duplication in the S phase , each chromosome is replicated to produce two identical copies , called sister chromatids , that are held together at the centromere by cohesin proteins .
Quakers , who had long been troubled by slavery , were especially active in this network .
We contribute to relationships , but we expect to receive benefits as well .
Metabolic rate is estimated as the basal metabolic rate ( BMR ) in endothermic animals at rest and as the standard metabolic rate ( SMR ) in ectotherms .
Dust storms roiled through the Great Plains , creating huge , choking clouds that piled up in doorways and filtered into homes through closed windows .
5860 .
This section discusses some of the challenges we encounter during this process .
In emphysema , which mostly arises from smoking tobacco , the walls of the alveoli are destroyed , decreasing the surface area for gas exchange .
4873 .
The prohibition in the First Amendment against the establishment of an official church by the federal government differed significantly from both English precedent and the practice of several states that had official churches .
468 .
The second law of thermodynamics can be restated in terms of the Carnot cycle , and so what Carnot actually discovered was this fundamental law .
It is composed of hair cells held in place above the basilar membrane like flowers projecting up from soil , with their exposed short , hair - like stereocilia contacting or embedded in the tectorial membrane above them .
If you hate country music , then having it waft into your house every night would be a negative externality .
In 2005 , for example , the budget deficit was roughly 4 % of GDP .
Therefore , only those organisms that can grow without oxygen — anaerobic organisms — were able to live .
The head - to - tail method is a graphical way to add vectors , described in [ link ] below and in the steps following .
Mercantilism is an economic policy based on accumulating silver and gold by controlling colonial and foreign markets through taxes and other charges .
Immune tolerance is crucial for maintaining mucosal homeostasis given the tremendous number of foreign substances ( such as food proteins ) that APCs of the oral cavity , pharynx , and gastrointestinal mucosa encounter .
The organic and inorganic material in which soils form is the parent material .
528 .
4356 .
5664 .
3138 .
Synaptic vesicles are shown in [ link ] , which is an image from a scanning electron microscope .
Since most states had traditional Protestant majorities and most state officials were Protestants themselves , the public school curriculum incorporated many Protestant features ; at times , these features would come into conflict with the beliefs of children from other Christian sects or from other religious traditions .
real GDP ) firms will produce and sell .
Gymnosperms were preceded by progymnosperms , the first naked seed plants , which arose about 380 million years ago .
99 . litmus or pH paper , filter paper that has been treated with a natural water - soluble dye so it can be used as a pH indicator , to test how much acid ( acidity ) or base ( alkalinity ) exists in a solution .
His work strongly influenced the subsequent avant - garde and modernist movements in literature and art , especially in understanding the role of the observer , artist , or writer in shaping the society they attempted to observe .
Antitrust cases involving restrictive practices are often controversial , because they delve into specific contracts or agreements between firms that are allowed in some cases but not in others .
The North also produced defenders of slavery , including Louis Agassiz , a Harvard professor of zoology and geology .
Quarks are the second group of fundamental particles ( leptons are the first ) .
795 .
Miller v. California , 413 U.S. 15 ( 1973 ) .
647 .
Beginning in the 1970s , it became clear to policymakers of all political leanings that the existing price regulation was not working well .
Particle physics deals with the substructures of atoms and nuclei and is particularly aimed at finding those truly fundamental particles that have no further substructure .
3985 .
But the most significant check on the Supreme Court is executive and legislative leverage over the implementation and enforcement of its rulings .
The confirmation bias is the tendency to focus on information that confirms your existing beliefs .
86 .
More recently , Justice Clarence Thomas argued in the 2010 McDonald v. Chicago ruling that the individual right to bear arms applied to the states because of this clause . McDonald v. Chicago , 561 U.S. 742 ( 2010).The second provision of the Fourteenth Amendment that pertains to applying the Bill of Rights to the states is the due process clause , which says , “ nor shall any State deprive any person of life , liberty , or property , without due process of law . ”
The iron triangle is a hypothetical arrangement among three elements ( the corners of the triangle ) : an interest group , a congressional committee member or chair , and an agency within the bureaucracy .
A pericentric inversion that is asymmetric about the centromere can change the relative lengths of the chromosome arms , making these inversions easily identifiable .
This water can stay above the glass because of the property of cohesion .
6099 .
We can examine aspects of the behavior of a substance by plotting a graph of pressure versus volume , called a PV diagram .
1821 .
172 .
The opening sentence of his book , The Theory of Moral Sentiments , puts it very clearly : “ How selfish soever man may be supposed , there are evidently some principles in his nature , which interest him in the fortune of others , and render their happiness necessary to him , though he derives nothing from it except the pleasure of seeing it . ”
1167 .
President Ulysses S. Grant cultivated a relationship with popular cartoonist Thomas Nast , who often depicted the president in the company of “ Lady Liberty ” ( b ) in addition to relentlessly attacking his opponent Horace Greeley . 6715 .
6459 .
Individuals with mutations that result in dominant lethal alleles fail to survive even in the heterozygote form .
A checking account typically pays little or no interest , but it facilitates transactions by giving you easy access to your money , either by writing a check or by using a debit card ( that is , a card which works like a credit card , except that purchases are immediately deducted from your checking account rather than being billed separately through a credit card company ) .
The photon wavelength is stretched in transit from the source to the observer .
Semantics refers to the process by which we derive meaning from morphemes and words .
A totalitarian dictatorship is even more oppressive and attempts to control all aspects of its subjects ’ lives ; including occupation , religious beliefs , and number of children permitted in each family .
1117 .
3505 .
Three of the most important components that affect the issues above are fertility , mortality , and migration . The fertility rate of a society is a measure noting the number of children born .
1946 .
3865 .
The nucleoplasm is the semi - solid fluid inside the nucleus , where we find the chromatin and the nucleolus .
The adrenal glands sit on top of each kidney and are also called the suprarenal glands .
For example , many chemical companies use petroleum as a key input , but they have no control over the world market price for crude oil .
The iris , which is conspicuous as the colored part of the eye , is a circular muscular ring lying between the lens and cornea that regulates the amount of light entering the eye .
4984 .
Lawyers for the SPLC specialize in civil rights litigation and represent many people whose rights have been violated , from victims of hate crimes to undocumented immigrants .
Secretin acts in tandem with another hormone called cholecystokinin ( CCK ) .
1301 .
Microglia scavenge and degrade dead cells and protect the brain from invading microorganisms .
Functionalism grew out of the writings of English philosopher and biologist , Hebert Spencer ( 1820–1903 ) , who saw similarities between society and the human body ; he argued that just as the various organs of the body work together to keep the body functioning , the various parts of society work together to keep society functioning ( Spencer 1898 ) .
Burwell v. Hobby Lobby , 573 U.S. _ _ ( 2014 ) .
6670 .
Newton ’s Third Law of Motion
6596 .
This percentage is expected to increase and will have a huge impact on the dependency ratio : the number of nonproductive citizens ( young , disabled , or elderly ) to productive working citizens ( Bartram and Roe 2005 ) .
You have no doubt heard the word pressure being used in relation to blood ( high or low blood pressure ) and in relation to the weather ( high- and low - pressure weather systems ) .
President Ulysses S. Grant cultivated a relationship with popular cartoonist Thomas Nast , who often depicted the president in the company of “ Lady Liberty ” ( b ) in addition to relentlessly attacking his opponent Horace Greeley . 6715 .
4939 .
In 2016 , Republican Chuck Grassley of Iowa ( a ) , the chair of the Senate Judiciary Committee , refused to hold hearings on the nomination of Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court , despite the urging of his committee colleagues .
Mature tRNAs take on a three - dimensional structure through intramolecular hydrogen bonding to position the amino acid binding site at one end and the anticodon at the other end ( [ link ] ) .
This law prohibited American ships from leaving their ports until Britain and France stopped seizing them on the high seas .
Rather than trying to state a single way of measuring money , economists offer broader definitions of money based on liquidity .
In another approach to gene - environment interactions , the field of epigenetics looks beyond the genotype itself and studies how the same genotype can be expressed in different ways .
In many countries and cultures around the world , however , having one spouse is not the only form of marriage .
Monetary policy should be loosened when a recession has caused unemployment to increase and tightened when inflation threatens .
5304 .
As mentioned in the previous section , the cognitive revolution created an impetus for psychologists to focus their attention on better understanding the mind and mental processes that underlie behavior .
3217 .
822 .
Presbyopia is a deficit similar to a different type of farsightedness called hyperopia caused by an eyeball that is too short .
An individual with dissociative amnesia is unable to recall important personal information , usually following an extremely stressful or traumatic experience such as combat , natural disasters , or being the victim of violence .
4705 .
3546 .
Many authors had written on economics in the centuries before Smith , but he was the first to address the subject in a comprehensive way .
The relatively noncontroversial portions of the act strengthen the rules requiring full and speedy disclosure of who contributes money to campaigns .
The steps of the scientific method will be examined in detail later , but one of the most important aspects of this method is the testing of hypotheses by means of repeatable experiments .
1473 .
Defining a market is often controversial .
The United States has a low level of trade , but had enormous trade deficits for most years from the mid- 1980s into the 2000s .
The end of the Cold War opened up old wounds as a variety of smaller European countries sought independence and old ethnic conflicts reappeared .
There can be no voltage difference across the surface of a conductor , or charges will flow .
S - layer ( surface layer ) proteins are also present on the outside of cell walls of both archaea and bacteria .
Scientists call these synonymous parts homologous structures .
Because a eukaryotic cell ’s nucleus is surrounded by a membrane , it is often said to have a “ true nucleus . ” The word “ organelle ” means “ little organ , ” and , as already mentioned , organelles have specialized cellular functions , just as the organs of your body have specialized functions .
As K+ ions leave the cell , the membrane potential once again becomes negative .
153 .
The macromolecules are a subset of organic molecules ( any carbon - containing liquid , solid , or gas ) that are especially important for life .
The act cleared several final hurdles to voter registration and voting for African Americans .
6268 .
A central bank will be concerned about the exchange rate for multiple reasons : ( 1 ) Movements in the exchange rate will affect the quantity of aggregate demand in an economy ; ( 2 ) frequent substantial fluctuations in the exchange rate can disrupt international trade and cause problems in a nation ’s banking system – this may contribute to an unsustainable balance of trade and large inflows of international financial capital , which can set the economy up for a deep recession if international investors decide to move their money to another country .
4545 .
Locke called this implicit agreement between a people and their government the social contract .
This is the type of economy in place in the United States today .
Mercantilism held that only a limited amount of wealth , as measured in gold and silver bullion , existed in the world .
121 .
6283 .
In a monarchy , one ruler , usually a hereditary ruler , holds political power .
The field around a long straight wire is found to be in circular loops .
A grazing food web ( such as the Lake Ontario food web in [ link ] ) has plants or other photosynthetic organisms at its base , followed by herbivores and various carnivores .
598 .
6056 .
3166 .
Cycads thrive in mild climates , and are often mistaken for palms because of the shape of their large , compound leaves .
The terminal cell also divides , giving rise to a globular - shaped proembryo ( [ link ] a ) .
The legalization of same - sex marriage throughout the United States led some people to feel their religious beliefs were under attack , and many religiously conservative business owners have refused to acknowledge LBGT rights or the legitimacy of same - sex marriages .
2928 .
6957 .
The Supreme Court determined that the presence of children in the audience trumped the right of broadcasters to air obscene and profane programming .
Let ’s consider these categories in turn .
The parietal lobe contains a somatosensory map of the body similar to the motor cortex .
The main advantage of this supermajority requirement is that no changes to the Constitution can occur unless there is broad support within Congress and among states .
1283 .
1467 .
5014 .
Another factor that influences the natural rate of unemployment is the amount of structural unemployment .
Robert Dahl , author of Who Governs ? , was one of the first to advance the pluralist theory , and argued that politicians seeking an “ electoral payoff ” are attentive to the concerns of politically active citizens and , through them , become acquainted with the needs of ordinary people .
It is attached to the hypothalamus via a stalk called the pituitary stalk ( or infundibulum ) .
Interestingly , the periodic recalibrations have led to an interesting observation known as the Flynn effect .
It should be noted at this point that there is another decibel scale in use , called the sound pressure level , based on the ratio of the pressure amplitude to a reference pressure .
78 who remarked that the courts had “ neither force nor will , but merely judgment . ”
This phenomenon is called Pascal ’s principle , because it was first clearly stated by the French philosopher and scientist Blaise Pascal ( 1623 – 1662 ) : A change in pressure applied to an enclosed fluid is transmitted undiminished to all portions of the fluid and to the walls of its container .
Thus , a time series graph shows how a variable changes over time .
114 .
An adult with a BMI of 30 or higher is considered obese ( Centers for Disease Control and Prevention [ CDC ] , 2012 ) .
A higher level of income for a normal good causes a demand curve to shift to the right for a normal good , which means that the income elasticity of demand is positive .
5473 .
Buckley v. Valeo , 75 - 436 , 424 U.S. 1 ( 1976 ) .
2011 .
Despite the tremendous formal powers that go with the job , being governor is still personally and professionally challenging .
The economic logic is precisely the same as in the case of a consumption choice budget constraint , but the labels are different on a labor - leisure budget constraint .
The organic and inorganic material in which soils form is the parent material .
6987 .
Kenneth Finegold , Laura Wherry , and Stephanie Schardin .
During Nixon ’s administration , general revenue sharing programs were created that distributed funds to the state and local governments with minimal restrictions on how the money was spent .
We can sense that a white tablecloth , for example , is white whether it is illuminated by sunlight , fluorescent light , or candlelight .
The olfactory bulb is composed of neural clusters called glomeruli , and each glomerulus receives signals from one type of olfactory receptor , so each glomerulus is specific to one odorant .
According to the Dutch economic historian Jan Luiten van Zanden , slavery - based societies , favorable demographics , global trading routes , and standardized trading institutions that spread with different empires set the stage for the Industrial Revolution to succeed .
3204 .
Shortly thereafter , the Supreme Court also ruled that the Defense of Marriage Act of 1996 was unconstitutional , because it violated the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment .
1442 .
Jefferson chose what he thought was the best of his limited options and responded to the crisis through the economic means of a sweeping ban on trade , the Embargo Act of 1807 .
The only decision that all could agree on was the election of George Washington , the former commander of the Continental Army and hero of the American Revolution , as the president of the convention .
One example of a machine political system was the Democratic political machine Tammany Hall in New York , run by machine boss William Tweed with assistance from George Washington Plunkitt ( [ link ] ) .
Add to this that primary and caucus voters are often more extreme in their political beliefs , and it is easy to see why fewer moderates become party nominees .
417 .
While sociologists often engage in original research studies , they also contribute knowledge to the discipline through secondary data analysis .
6782 .
The final element that led to American involvement in World War I was the so - called Zimmermann telegram .
In addition to anger and hostility , a number of other negative emotional states have been linked with heart disease , including negative affectivity and depression ( Suls & Bunde , 2005 ) .
Some of those initiatives include those shown in [ link ] .
411 .
With a soft peg exchange rate policy , the central bank can sometimes ignore the exchange rate and focus on domestic inflation or recession — but in other cases the central bank may ignore inflation or recession and instead focus on its soft peg exchange rate .
They emphasize the importance of these norms in shaping crowd behavior , especially those norms that shift quickly in response to changing external factors .
Possibly related to this choice is voter fatigue .
1993 .
Like prokaryotes , eukaryotic cells have a plasma membrane ( [ link ] ) , a phospholipid bilayer with embedded proteins that separates the internal contents of the cell from its surrounding environment .
It is an intriguing fact that some physical quantities are more fundamental than others and that the most fundamental physical quantities can be defined only in terms of the procedure used to measure them .
3190 .
4898 .
Internal kinetic energy is the sum of the kinetic energies of the objects in the system .
Cluster C disorders include avoidant personality disorder , dependent personality disorder , and obsessive - compulsive personality disorder ( which is not the same thing as obsessive - compulsive disorder ) .
346 .
The forces of supply and demand in individual markets will cause prices to rise and fall .
Additionally , mosses are anchored to the substrate — whether it is soil , rock , or roof tiles — by multicellular rhizoids .
His economic policies , called Reaganomics by the press , were based on a theory called supply - side economics , about which many economists were skeptical .
To calculate the price level , economists begin with the concept of a basket of goods and services , consisting of the different items individuals , businesses , or organizations typically buy .
The cover of Jack London ’s The Call of the Wild ( b ) shows the dogs in the brutal environment of the Klondike .
Throughout interphase , nuclear DNA remains in a semi - condensed chromatin configuration .
The lower limb consists of the thigh , the leg , and the foot .
6149 .
For the United States , this is the Federal Reserve .
5193 .
Active transport mechanisms , collectively called pumps , work against electrochemical gradients .
Any experiment involving the participation of human subjects is governed by extensive , strict guidelines designed to ensure that the experiment does not result in harm .
2228 .
A blood vessel and a nerve are found in the center of the structure within the Haversian canal , with radiating circles of lacunae around it known as lamellae .
The unique three - dimensional structure of a polypeptide is its tertiary structure ( [ link ] ) .
He asserted that individual behavior was not the same as collective behavior and that studying collective behavior was quite different from studying an individual ’s actions .
The model minority stereotype is applied to a minority group that is seen as reaching significant educational , professional , and socioeconomic levels without challenging the existing establishment .
To explore these questions , we turn to demography , or the study of populations .
Before the late 1990s , the United Kingdom ’s unitary system was centralized to the extent that the national government held the most important levers of power .
3591 .
Much of the data gathered in field research are based not on cause and effect but on correlation .
European explorers unwittingly brought with them chickenpox , measles , mumps , and smallpox , which ravaged native peoples despite their attempts to treat the diseases , decimating some populations and wholly destroying others ( [ link ] ) .
After passing through the pupil , light crosses the lens , a curved , transparent structure that serves to provide additional focus .
Sexual orientation is an individual ’s emotional and erotic attractions to same - sexed individuals ( homosexual ) , opposite - sexed individuals ( heterosexual ) , or both ( bisexual ) .
The political question arises because the decision by a bank supervisor to require a bank to close or to change its financial investments is often controversial , and the bank supervisor often comes under political pressure from the owners of the bank and the local politicians to keep quiet and back off .
And an inherent power , while not enumerated or implied , must be assumed to exist as a direct result of the country ’s existence .
Some waged undeclared wars , as John Adams did against the French in the Quasi - War ( 1798–1800 ) .
Photoperiodism is the ability to use light to track time .
Those who opposed it , known as Anti - Federalists , argued that the Constitution would consolidate all power in a national government , robbing the states of the power to make their own decisions .
If uptake of a compound is dependent on receptor - mediated endocytosis and the process is ineffective , the material will not be removed from the tissue fluids or blood .
The scientific understanding of a food chain is more precise than in its everyday usage .
The metabolome is the complete set of metabolites that are related to the genetic makeup of an organism .
A non - renewable resource , such as fossil fuel , is either regenerated very slowly or not at all .
Yet like other wealthy landowners of his time , Jefferson also owned dozens of other human beings as his personal property .
When firms act together in this way to reduce output and keep prices high , it is called collusion .
A rational voter will recognize that one vote is extremely unlikely to make a difference .
AChE resides in the synaptic cleft , breaking down ACh so that it does not remain bound to ACh receptors , which would cause unwanted extended muscle contraction ( [ link ] ) .
Because of this , the current is often faster here than at any other point of the river or stream .
To be sure , even if total supply always creates an equal amount of total demand , the economy could still experience a situation of some firms earning profits while other firms suffer losses .
These documents present legal arguments stating why a given court should take a case and/or why a court should rule a certain way .
Even if a company does not have a patent on an invention , competing firms are not allowed to steal their secrets .
The amount of radiation can be adjusted to create smaller or larger fragments .
Moreover , in a criminal trial , if someone does not testify in his or her own defense , the prosecution can not use that failure to testify as evidence of guilt or imply that an innocent person would testify .
Initially , the presidency was also a fairly weak branch of government compared with the legislature .
Most mollusks are dioecious animals and fertilization occurs externally , although this is not the case in terrestrial mollusks , such as snails and slugs , or in cephalopods .
Public Law 95 – 341 : American Indian Religious Freedom , Joint Resolution .
2706 .
6687 .
5798 .
5057 .
With so many similar diagnostic frames , some groups find it best to join together to maximize their impact .
Command - and - control regulation has been highly successful in protecting and cleaning up the U.S. environment .
Cytokinesis , or “ cell motion , ” is the second main stage of the mitotic phase during which cell division is completed via the physical separation of the cytoplasmic components into two daughter cells .
962 .
American silver , tobacco , and other items , which were used by native peoples for ritual purposes , became European commodities with a monetary value that could be bought and sold .
2738 .
Mores ( mor - ays ) are norms that embody the moral views and principles of a group .
The insider - outsider model of the labor force , in simple terms , argues that those already working for firms are “ insiders , ” while new employees , at least for a time , are “ outsiders . ”
6819 .
Between these two membrane layers is a non - living , jelly - like mesoglea connective layer .
1511 .
4997 .
Grand theories attempt to explain large - scale relationships and answer fundamental questions such as why societies form and why they change .
6148 .
The tail of the vector is the starting point of the vector , and the head ( or tip ) of a vector is the final , pointed end of the arrow . Head - to - Tail Method : The head - to - tail method of graphically adding vectors is illustrated for the two displacements of the person walking in a city considered in [ link ] .
At some point , you may even see negative returns as the additional barbers begin bumping elbows and getting in each other ’s way .
Polaroid materials , invented by the founder of Polaroid Corporation , Edwin Land , act as a polarizing slit for light , allowing only polarization in one direction to pass through .
However , it is not the absolute fitness of an individual that counts , but rather how it compares to the other organisms in the population .
Note that the two exchange rates are inverses : 10 pesos per dollar is the same as 10 cents per peso ( or $ 0.10 per peso ) .
A speeding bullet , a walking person , the rapid movement of molecules in the air ( which produces heat ) , and electromagnetic radiation like light all have kinetic energy .
6063 .
6504 .
What is crucial to the Carnot cycle — and , in fact , defines it — is that only reversible processes are used .
2124 .
At the -10 and -35 regions upstream of the initiation site , there are two promoter consensus sequences , or regions that are similar across all promoters and across various bacterial species ( [ link ] ) .
A third projective test is the Rotter Incomplete Sentence Blank ( RISB ) developed by Julian Rotter in 1950 ( recall his theory of locus of control , covered earlier in this chapter ) .
747 .
2835 .
In a human karyotype , autosomes or “ body chromosomes ” ( all of the non – sex chromosomes ) are generally organized in approximate order of size from largest ( chromosome 1 ) to smallest ( chromosome 22 ) .
2467 .
5645 .
Despite a tainted legacy , President Richard Nixon gives his trademark “ V for Victory ” sign as he leaves the White House on August 9 , 1974 ( b ) , after resigning in the wake of the Watergate scandal .
In its simplest form , it involves the introduction of a good gene at a random location in the genome to aid the cure of a disease that is caused by a mutated gene .
One theory that provides an explanation is social exchange theory .
In the United States and other places around the world , deaf people have their own language , schools , and customs .
Nearly all charge in nature is due to electrons and protons , which are two of the three building blocks of most matter .
At the distal end , the femur , tibia , and patella form the knee joint .
A newton - meter is given the special name joule ( J ) , and 1 J = 1 N ⋅ m = 1 kg ⋅ m2 / s 21 J = 1 N ⋅ m = 1 kg ⋅ m2 / s2 size 12 { 1 " J " = 1 " N " cdot m = 1 " kg " cdot m rSup { size 8 { 2 } } " / s " rSup { size 8 { 2 } } } { } .
From the nasal cavity , air passes through the pharynx ( throat ) and the larynx ( voice box ) , as it makes its way to the trachea ( [ link ] ) .
It is important that the mother takes good care of herself and receives prenatal care , which is medical care during pregnancy that monitors the health of both the mother and the fetus ( [ link ] ) .
These types of laws , which specify allowable quantities of pollution and which also may detail which pollution - control technologies must be used , fall under the category of command - and - control regulation .
There are three types of unilateral descent : patrilineal , which follows the father ’s line only ; matrilineal , which follows the mother ’s side only ; and ambilineal , which follows either the father ’s only or the mother ’s side only , depending on the situation .
In some sponges , ostia are formed by porocytes , single tube - shaped cells that act as valves to regulate the flow of water into the spongocoel .
James M. Cole , “ Memorandum for All United States Attorneys , ” U.S.
In between these two is a flat ( zero curvature ) universe .
To stop hormone activity , cAMP is deactivated by the cytoplasmic enzyme phosphodiesterase , or PDE .
Germ cells are capable of mitosis to perpetuate the cell line and meiosis to produce gametes .
By this stage of development , an individual is able to imagine how he or she is viewed by one or many others — and thus , from a sociological perspective , to have a “ self ” ( Mead 1934 ; Mead 1964 ) .
1630 .
It articulates with the scapula at the shoulder and with the forearm at the elbow .
The telomerase enzyme contains a catalytic part and a built - in RNA template .
4638 .
In the United States , for example , the number thirteen is associated with bad luck .
Flowering , fruit setting and ripening , and inhibition of abscission ( leaf falling ) are other plant responses under the direct or indirect control of auxins .
If a substance must move into the cell against its concentration gradient — that is , if the concentration of the substance inside the cell is greater than its concentration in the extracellular fluid ( and vice versa ) — the cell must use energy to move the substance .
3872 .
Social psychologists conduct research on a wide variety of topics that include differences in how we explain our own behavior versus how we explain the behaviors of others , prejudice , and attraction , and how we resolve interpersonal conflicts .
Cyclic AMP ( cAMP ) is degraded into AMP by phosphodiesterase , and the release of calcium stores is reversed by the Ca2 + pumps that are located in the external and internal membranes of the cell .
In an early demonstration of the law ’s power , the U.S. Supreme Court in 1911 upheld the government ’s right to break up Standard Oil , which had controlled about 90 % of the country ’s oil refining , into 34 independent firms , including Exxon , Mobil , Amoco , and Chevron .
Some seeds are enveloped by sporophyte tissues upon maturation .
2018 .
Revisit Choice in a World of Scarcity for more on these terms .
Taste aversion is a type of conditioning in which an interval of several hours may pass between the conditioned stimulus ( something ingested ) and the unconditioned stimulus ( nausea or illness ) .
News of the attempt to extract a bribe , known as the XYZ affair because the French emissaries were referred to as X , Y , and Z in letters that President Adams released to Congress , outraged the American public and turned public opinion decidedly against France ( [ link ] ) .
This longstanding question is known in psychology as the nature versus nurture debate .
When the prices of most goods and services change , the price is said to “ rise ” or “ fall . ” For exchange rates , the terminology is different .
However , because there are two rounds of division , the major process and the stages are designated with a “ I ” or a “ II . ”
Parental Care and Fecundity
The embryo develops inside the archegonium as the sporophyte .
The vestibular sense contributes to our ability to maintain balance and body posture .
Also found only in animal cells are desmosomes , which act like spot welds between adjacent epithelial cells ( [ link ] ) .
2015 .
Most nations have central banks or currency boards .
2963 .
Syntax refers to the way words are organized into sentences ( Chomsky , 1965 ; Fernández & Cairns , 2011 ) .
4576 .
People with hoarding disorder can not bear to part with personal possessions , regardless of how valueless or useless these possessions are .
The companion cells contain more ribosomes and mitochondria than the sieve - tube cells , which lack some cellular organelles .
Soon after the passage of the McCain – Feingold Act , the FEC ’s enforcement of the law spurred court cases challenging it .
Genêt arrived in Charleston , South Carolina , amid great Democratic - Republican fanfare .
Another very common radiation detector is the Geiger tube .
Proponents of free - market economics believe that the market forces of supply and demand , working without any government involvement , are the most effective way for markets to operate .
In some sponges , ostia are formed by porocytes , single tube - shaped cells that act as valves to regulate the flow of water into the spongocoel .
When a TH2 cell detects that a B cell is bound to a relevant antigen , it secretes specific cytokines that induce the B cell to proliferate rapidly , which makes thousands of identical ( clonal ) copies of it , and then it synthesizes and secretes antibodies with the same antigen recognition pattern as the BCRs .
1161 .
7079 .
Furthermore , Young first passed light from a single source ( the Sun ) through a single slit to make the light somewhat coherent .
A rise in price almost always leads to an increase in the quantity supplied of that good or service , while a fall in price will decrease the quantity supplied .
In order to describe the motion of an object , you must first be able to describe its position — where it is at any particular time .
6702 .
3407 .
The changing concept of hospice is an indicator of our society ’s changing view of death .
In the United States , 20 percent of the population exhibits symptoms of allergy or asthma , whereas 55 percent test positive against one or more allergens .
A recent meta - analysis suggests that bariatric surgery is more effective than non - surgical treatment for obesity in the two - years immediately following the procedure , but to date , no long - term studies yet exist ( Gloy et al . , 2013 ) .
6696 .
This equation must hold true , by definition .
Named for its developer , the economist John Maynard Keynes , Keynesian economics argues that it is possible for a recession to become so deep , and last for so long , that the typical models of economic collapse and recovery may not work .
414 .
The programs are paid for through the federal income tax , which is a progressive tax system designed in such a way that the rich pay a higher percent in income taxes than the poor .
5152 .
4070 .
Market economies are based on private enterprise : the means of production ( resources and businesses ) are owned and operated by private individuals or groups of private individuals .
The C - TCB contains 20 color images that show scenes of African - American lifestyles . 4314 .
3040 .
4052 .
What determines their behavior ?
In most societies , stratification is an economic system , based on wealth , the net value of money and assets a person has , and income , a person ’s wages or investment dividends .
Cyclical unemployment bounces up and down according to the short - run movements of GDP .
3873 .
Astrocytes , in particular , have been shown through calcium imaging experiments to become active in response to nerve activity , transmit calcium waves between astrocytes , and modulate the activity of surrounding synapses .
Strictly speaking , a monarchy is a government in which a single person ( a monarch ) rules until he or she dies or abdicates the throne .
Elizabeth Lopatto , “ How Many Innocent People Are Sentenced To Death ? , ” Forbes , 29 April 2014 . http://www.forbes.com/sites/elizabethlopatto/2014/04/29/how-many-innocent-people-are-sentenced-to-death/#6e9ae5175cc1 ( March 1 , 2016 ) .
During karyogamy ( “ nuclear marriage ” ) , the haploid nuclei fuse to form a diploid zygote nucleus .
The region of unwinding is called a transcription bubble .
The clade Myxini includes at least 20 species of hagfishes .
This is called plasmolysis .
In seeking verstehen , outside observers of a social world — an entire culture or a small setting — attempt to understand it from an insider ’s point of view .
The pineal gland , an endocrine structure located inside the brain that releases melatonin , is thought to be involved in the regulation of various biological rhythms and of the immune system during sleep ( Hardeland , Pandi - Perumal , & Cardinali , 2006 ) .
For example , when a country pegs its exchange rate , it will sometimes face economic situations where it would like to have an expansionary monetary policy to fight recession — but it can not do so because that policy would depreciate its exchange rate and break its hard peg .
TEMAS — standing for “ Tell Me a Story ” but also a play on the Spanish word temas ( themes ) — uses images and storytelling cues that relate to minority culture ( Constantino , 1982 ) . 3311 .
One of the greatest advancements was the telephone , which Alexander Graham Bell patented in 1876 ( [ link ] ) .
[ link ] offers a reminder that the demand curve as faced by a perfectly competitive firm is perfectly elastic or flat , because the perfectly competitive firm can sell any quantity it wishes at the prevailing market price .
The central bank is also responsible for regulating all or part of the nation ’s banking system to protect bank depositors and insure the health of the bank ’s balance sheet .
2155 .
Under the direction of David Lilienthal , beginning in 1933 , the TVA workers erected a series of dams to harness the Tennessee River in the creation of much - needed hydroelectric power .
Fertilization between the gametes forms a diploid zygote .
This occurs for two reasons , and both effects can occur simultaneously .
Exchange rates can also help to explain why budget deficits are linked to trade deficits .
You may have noticed that snow can disappear into thin air without a trace of liquid water , or the disappearance of ice cubes in a freezer .
Apocrine glands , or scent glands , secrete substances that are used for chemical communication , such as in skunks .
Others are called axions and would have masses about 10 − 10 10 − 10 size 12 { " 10 " rSup { size 8 { - " 10 " } } } { } that of an electron mass .
5813 .
1978 .
( credit a : modification of work by the National Archives and Record Administration )
Researchers study the sample and seek to generalize their findings to the population .
Following the crisis , President Kennedy ( far right ) met with the reconnaissance pilots who flew the Cuban missions ( b ) .
A country has an absolute advantage in producing a good over another country if it uses fewer resources to produce that good .
375 .
The facial feedback hypothesis asserts that facial expressions are capable of influencing our emotions , meaning that smiling can make you feel happier ( Buck , 1980 ; Soussignan , 2001 ; Strack , Martin , & Stepper , 1988 ) .
Calvinists believed that reading scripture prepared sinners , if they were among the elect , to receive God ’s grace .
2489 .
As Jackson portrayed it , his was a battle for small government and ordinary Americans .
The federal government responded by enacting the Force Bill in 1833 , authorizing President Jackson to use military force against states that challenged federal tariff laws .
The demand curve ( D ) for Mexican pesos intersects with the supply curve ( S ) of Mexican pesos at the equilibrium point ( E ) , which is an exchange rate of 10 cents in U.S. currency for each Mexican peso and a total volume of 85 billion pesos .
5891 .
People commonly try to understand the happenings in their world by finding or creating an explanation for an occurrence .
1915 .
This technique is called inertial confinement , because the fuel ’s inertia prevents it from escaping before significant fusion can take place .
2985 .
Such collective goods are benefits — tangible or intangible — that help most or all citizens .
In a notorious 2005 case , Kelo v. City of New London , the Supreme Court sided with municipal officials taking homes in a middle - class neighborhood to obtain land for a large pharmaceutical company ’s corporate campus .
The area in question could be a habitat , a biome , or the entire biosphere .
The neutron is attracted and thus , deposits energy , causing the nucleus to deform as a liquid drop .
The strategy of selective engagement — retaining a strong military presence and remaining engaged across the world through alliances and formal installations — is used to protect the national security interests of the United States .
1180 .
2898 .
Economists looking for reasons why wages might be sticky downwards have focused on factors that may characterize most labor relationships in the economy , not just a few .
“ Agreement with Concealed Carry Laws . ” UT Austin Texas Politics Project .
The question each country or company should be asking when it trades is this : “ What do we give up to produce this good ? ”
2809 .
4471 .
Products that are distinctive in one of these ways are called differentiated products .
3794 .
The nucleus closest to the micropyle becomes the female gamete , or egg cell , and the two adjacent nuclei develop into synergid cells ( [ link ] ) .
The compound connecting the first and second complexes to the third is ubiquinone ( Q ) .
The tissue consists of conducting cells , known as tracheids , and supportive filler tissue , called parenchyma .
Special names are given to particles that feel the strong and weak nuclear forces .
In a situation of excess supply in the labor market , with many applicants for every job opening , employers will have an incentive to offer lower wages than they otherwise would have .
Complement proteins perform several functions .
1278 .
Small green appendages usually found at the base of the petiole are known as stipules .
5581 .
There are three living species of monotremes : the platypus and two species of echidnas , or spiny anteaters .
In this context , to transcend means to go beyond the ordinary sensory world to grasp personal insights and gain appreciation of a deeper reality , and transcendentalists believed that all people could attain an understanding of the world that surpassed rational , sensory experience .
In shotgun sequencing method , several copies of a DNA fragment are cut randomly into many smaller pieces ( somewhat like what happens to a round shot cartridge when fired from a shotgun ) .
6845 .
Low voter turnout has long caused the media and others to express concern and frustration .
Carbohydrates and proteins contain about 4.5 to 5 kcal / g , and fat contains about 9 kcal / g .
Formal education describes the learning of academic facts and concepts through a formal curriculum .
Unlike mores , folkways are norms without any moral underpinnings .
Another noteworthy characteristic of block grants is that their flexibility has been undermined over time as a result of creeping categorization , a process in which the national government places new administrative requirements on state and local governments or supplants block grants with new categorical grants .
A solenoid is a long coil of wire ( with many turns or loops , as opposed to a flat loop ) .
As journalist Kay Mills put it , the women ’s movement of the 1960s and 1970s was about raising awareness of the problems of equality , but writing about rallies “ was like trying to nail Jell - O to the wall .
While it is true that courts play a major role in policymaking , they have no mechanism to make their rulings a reality .
The production of shoes provides a good example .
3504 .
The current problem with using biomarkers for the early detection of cancer is the high rate of false - negative results .
4644 .
4601 .
Non - mammals , such as birds and reptiles , have a common body opening , called a cloaca , for the digestive , excretory and reproductive systems .
Cartilage is a connective tissue with a large amount of the matrix and variable amounts of fibers .
1690 .
3518 .
A polygraph , or lie detector test , measures the physiological arousal of an individual responding to a series of questions .
1345 .
2466 .
The single surviving species of the gingkophytes group is the Gingko biloba ( [ link ] ) .
The cavities in the plasma membrane that form the vacuoles have membrane receptors and lipid rafts in addition to caveolin .
4439 .
Phospholipids are major constituents of the plasma membrane , the outermost layer of animal cells .
A branch with more than two lineages is called a polytomy and serves to illustrate where scientists have not definitively determined all of the relationships .
The equilibrium price is the only price where the plans of consumers and the plans of producers agree — that is , where the amount of the product consumers want to buy ( quantity demanded ) is equal to the amount producers want to sell ( quantity supplied ) .
3613 .
2665 .
While a number of states allow their governors the line - item veto ( discussed in the chapter on state and local government ) , the president acquired this power only in 1996 after Congress passed a law permitting it .
All powers not expressly given to the national government , however , were intended to be exercised by the states .
How did these incomes increase ?
An example of a lysogenic bacteriophage is the λ ( lambda ) virus , which also infects the E .
The chain may be branched or unbranched , and it may contain different types of monosaccharides .
The U.S. dollar is a floating exchange rate , as are the currencies of about 40 % of the countries in the world economy .
2848 .
Under this plan , each state has a certain number of electors , which is its number of senators ( two ) plus its number of representatives in the House of Representatives .
2254 .
The charges associated with these molecules will form hydrogen bonds with water , surrounding the particle with water molecules .
An intake is the therapist ’s first meeting with the client .
The mass of this particle is not predicted with nearly the certainty with which the mass of the W+ , W− , W+ , W− , and Z0 Z0 size 12 { Z rSup { size 8 { 0 } } } { } particles were predicted , but it was hoped that the Higgs boson could be observed at the now - canceled Superconducting Super Collider ( SSC ) .
What are the economic problems caused by inflation , and why do economists often regard them with less concern than the general public ?
4069 .
His reporting contained news and some commentary , and even live coverage during Germany ’s aerial bombing of London .
A synchrotron is a version of a cyclotron in which the frequency of the alternating voltage and the magnetic field strength are increased as the beam particles are accelerated .
In pre - industrial society , children were considered adults when they reached physical maturity , but today we have an extended time between childhood and adulthood called adolescence .
The male spores are called microspores , because of their smaller size , and develop into the male gametophyte ; the comparatively larger megaspores develop into the female gametophyte .
1146 .
927 .
Secondary active transport describes the movement of material that is due to the electrochemical gradient established by primary active transport that does not directly require ATP .
Civil rights legislation did not focus solely on the right to vote or to hold public office ; it also integrated schools and public accommodations , prohibited discrimination in housing and employment , and increased access to higher education .
5842 .
His theory lays out two different styles called Theory X and Theory Y .
Once the voters have cast ballots in November and all the election season madness comes to a close , races for governors and local representatives may be over , but the constitutional process of electing a president has only begun .
1247 .
The stock of a company is divided into shares .
5497 .
Thermal stress can be destructive , such as when expanding gasoline ruptures a tank .
Our energy expenditure is obviously affected by our levels of activity , but our body ’s metabolic rate also comes into play .
In a very real sense , it is like money thrown away that benefits no one .
They represent the opportunity cost of using resources already owned by the firm .
To this end , Roosevelt created the informally named “ Supreme Court Packing Plan ” and tried to pack the court in his favor by expanding the number of justices and adding new ones who supported his views .
Beyond predicting the offspring of a cross between known homozygous or heterozygous parents , Mendel also developed a way to determine whether an organism that expressed a dominant trait was a heterozygote or a homozygote .
Meanwhile , the First Continental Congress was convening to discuss how to respond to the acts themselves .
Melatonin release is stimulated by darkness and inhibited by light .
Some troops saw combat , however , and were commended for serving with valor .
The reason for the decrease in output voltage for depleted or overloaded batteries is that all voltage sources have two fundamental parts — a source of electrical energy and an internal resistance .
It is made up of organelles suspended in the gel - like cytosol , the cytoskeleton , and various chemicals ( [ link ] ) .
Other organisms , such as animals , fungi , and most other bacteria , are termed heterotrophs ( “ other feeders ” ) , because they must rely on the sugars produced by photosynthetic organisms for their energy needs .
Growth of the shoot apical tip upward is called negative gravitropism , whereas growth of the roots downward is called positive gravitropism .
Later , in the 1803 case of Marbury v. Madison , the U.S. Supreme Court established its own authority to rule on the constitutionality of laws , a process called judicial review .
Plants can tell the time of day and time of year by sensing and using various wavelengths of sunlight .
Hypothalamic - Pituitary AxisThe hypothalamus in vertebrates integrates the endocrine and nervous systems .
4169 .
In fact , the more money a candidate raises , the more he or she will continue to raise .
2171 .
Additionally , Marx saw conflict in society as the primary means of change .
While diffusion transports material across membranes and within cells , osmosis transports only water across a membrane and the membrane limits the diffusion of solutes in the water .
This part of optics , where the ray aspect of light dominates , is therefore called geometric optics .
After all , high - skilled U.S. workers presumably benefit from increased sales of sophisticated products like computers , machinery , and pharmaceuticals in which the United States has a comparative advantage .
That is , it considers whether the institution itself represents the American people , not just whether a particular member of Congress represents his or her district .
The “ Checkers speech ” was remembered more for humanizing Nixon than for proving he had not taken money from the campaign account .
As the date indicates , it was taken on the last day of the Cuban Missile Crisis .
Once the signal is delivered , excess neurotransmitters in the synapse drift away , are broken down into inactive fragments , or are reabsorbed in a process known as reuptake .
Here , only a single plane or region of focus is identified ; out - of - focus regions above and below this plane are subtracted out by a computer so the image quality is much better .
The fact that the straight - line distance ( 10.3 blocks ) in [ link ] is less than the total distance walked ( 14 blocks ) is one example of a general characteristic of vectors .
According to most economists who believe in the growth consensus , economic growth ( as discussed in Economic Growth ) is built on a foundation of productivity improvements .
http://www.fda.gov / AboutFDA / WhatWeDo / History/ ( March 1 , 2016 ) .
Republicanism also served as a social philosophy guiding the conduct of the Patriots in their struggle against the British Empire .
Plurality voting , commonly referred to as first - past - the - post , is based on the principle that the individual candidate with the most votes wins , whether or not he or she gains a majority ( 51 percent or greater ) of the total votes cast .
If they were to lose this selectivity , the cell would no longer be able to sustain itself , and it would be destroyed .
These criticisms were amplified by growing international concern over the treatment of prisoners at the Guantanamo Bay detention camp and widespread disgust over the torture conducted by U.S. troops at the prison in Abu Ghraib , Iraq , which surfaced only months before the election ( [ link ] ) .
But the election of President Abraham Lincoln in 1860 led eleven southern states to secede from the United States because they believed the new president would challenge the institution of slavery .
The Children ’s Internet Protection Act , however , requires K–12 schools and public libraries receiving Internet access using special E - rate discounts to filter or block access to obscene material and other material deemed harmful to minors , with certain exceptions .
Branzburg v. Hayes , 408 U.S. 665 ( 1972 ) .
Such PACs tended to be run by businesses and other groups , like the Teamsters Union and the National Rifle Association , to support their special interests .
The British Constitution promised representation of the will of British subjects , and without such representation , even the indirect tax of the Sugar Act was considered a threat to the settlers ’ rights as British subjects .
6467 .
Only 100 Celsius degrees span the same range as 180 Fahrenheit degrees , thus one degree on the Celsius scale is 1.8 times larger than one degree on the Fahrenheit scale 180 / 100 = 9 / 5 . 180 / 100 = 9 / 5 .
4415 .
It also significantly expanded the categories and definition of disability . 5807 .
United States v. Windsor , 570 U.S. _ _ ( 2013 ) .
6221 .
Using time and motion studies , Gilbreth and her husband , Frank , worked to make workers more efficient by reducing the number of motions required to perform a task .
The experimental group gets the experimental manipulation — that is , the treatment or variable being tested ( in this case , violent TV images ) — and the control group does not .
2605 .
2866 .
Timbre refers to a sound ’s purity , and it is affected by the complex interplay of frequency , amplitude , and timing of sound waves .
Banks offer a range of accounts to serve different needs .
A person ’s genotype is the genetic makeup of that individual .
The appeal of a charismatic leader can be extraordinary , and can inspire followers to make unusual sacrifices or to persevere in the midst of great hardship and persecution .
Since the beginning of the war , thousands of slaves had fled to the safety of Union lines .
3654 .
The general adaptation syndrome , shown in [ link ] , consists of three stages : ( 1 ) alarm reaction , ( 2 ) stage of resistance , and ( 3 ) stage of exhaustion ( Selye , 1936 ; 1976 ) .
The female cone also has a central axis on which bracts known as megasporophylls ( [ link ] ) are present .
Step 1 .
As we discussed briefly in the previous section , classical conditioning is a process by which we learn to associate stimuli and , consequently , to anticipate events .
5034 .
By 1850 , of the 3.2 million slaves in the country ’s fifteen slave states , 1.8 million were producing cotton ; by 1860 , slave labor was producing over two billion pounds of cotton per year .
In June 2009 , Stephen Colbert of The Colbert Report took his soft news show on the road , heading to Iraq for a week .
The reform efforts of the antebellum era sprang from the Protestant revival fervor that found expression in what historians refer to as the Second Great Awakening .
The company has since decided to relocate to Boston , after receiving incentives , worth up to $ 145 million , from Massachusetts officials . Ted Mann and Jon Kamp , “ General Electric to Move Headquarters to Boston , ” The Wall Street Journal , 13 January 2016 . http://www.wsj.com/articles/general-electric-plans-to-move-headquarters-to-boston-1452703676 .
3914 .
6407 .
3610 .
2345 .
Range of reaction asserts that our genes set the boundaries within which we can operate , and our environment interacts with the genes to determine where in that range we will fall .
Joel Achenbach , “ Cronkite and Vietnam , ” Washington Post , 18 May 2012 .
First mentioned in Patterns in Spectra Reveal More Quantization , a boson is a particle with zero or an integer value of intrinsic spin ( such as s = 0 , 1 , 2 , ... s = 0 , 1 , 2 , ... size 12 { s = 0 , `1 , `2 , ` " . "
In partial reinforcement , also referred to as intermittent reinforcement , the person or animal does not get reinforced every time they perform the desired behavior .
1197 .
Watch this National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) video to see marine ecologist Dr. Peter Etnoyer discusses his research on coral organisms . It is estimated that more than 4,000 fish species inhabit coral reefs .
Two years later , supporters of the law ( right ) demonstrated in front of the U.S. Supreme Court during oral arguments in National Federation of Independent Business v. Sebelius , in which the Court eventually upheld most provisions of the law .
5419 .
6134 .
Social Security addresses these concerns with three important tools .
For example , June undergoes major surgery in a hospital .
Some genetic markers used in generating genetic maps are restriction fragment length polymorphisms ( RFLP ) , variable number of tandem repeats ( VNTRs ) , microsatellite polymorphisms , and the single nucleotide polymorphisms ( SNPs ) .
Matched pairs of chromosomes in a diploid organism are called homologous ( “ same knowledge ” ) chromosomes .
Both axes are measured in real ( inflation - adjusted ) terms .
This case goes against the theory of the “ median ” voter in a democracy .
This kind of test relies on one of the defense mechanisms proposed by Freud — projection — as a way to assess unconscious processes .
One by one , each country carved out their own sphere of influence , where they could control markets through tariffs and transportation , and thus ensure their share of the Chinese market .
The engine driving the new burst of enthusiastic temperance reform was the Washington Temperance Society ( named in deference to George Washington ) , which organized in 1840 .
The tissue consists of conducting cells , known as tracheids , and supportive filler tissue , called parenchyma .
1534 .
There are two ways to come across an innovative object or idea : discover it or invent it .
The original MMPI was based on a small , limited sample , composed mostly of Minnesota farmers and psychiatric patients ; the revised inventory was based on a more representative , national sample to allow for better standardization .
In 2010 , it passed Senate Bill 1070 , which sought to make it so difficult for illegal immigrants to live in the state that they would return to their native country , a strategy referred to as “ attrition by enforcement . ”
5992 .
5035 .
This same research also found that under term limits state legislators feel they have lost power relative to the governor and to various bureaucratic agency officials .
5555 .
Women earn less money than men for the same work .
Sometimes this energy is obvious , such as in the warmth of the summer sun .
One argument is that even employees who are not union members often work under an implicit contract , which is that the employer will try to keep wages from falling when the economy is weak or the business is having trouble , and the employee will not expect huge salary increases when the economy or the business is strong .
One very important second messenger is cyclic AMP ( cAMP ) .
Because the presidential candidate with the highest number of popular votes receives all of Utah ’s and California ’s electoral votes , there is little incentive for some citizens to vote : they will never change the outcome of the state - level election .
In individuals diagnosed with a substance use disorder , there is a compulsive pattern of drug use that is often associated with both physical and psychological dependence . Physical dependence involves changes in normal bodily functions — the user will experience withdrawal from the drug upon cessation of use .
The Rise of GlobalizationRecent decades have seen a trend toward globalization , which is the expanding cultural , political , and economic connections between people around the world .
For two bodies having masses mm size 12 { m } { } and M M size 12 { M } { } with a distance r r size 12 { r } { } between their centers of mass , the equation for Newton ’s universal law of gravitation is F = G m M r 2 , F = G m M r 2 , size 12 { F = G { { ital " m M " } over { r rSup { size 8 { 2 } } } } } { } where F F size 12 { F } { } is the magnitude of the gravitational force and G G size 12 { G } { } is a proportionality factor called the gravitational constant .
3468 .
So , if a nucleus has Z Z size 12 { Z } { } protons ( Z = 1 Z = 1 size 12 { Z = 1 } { } for hydrogen , 2 for helium , etc . )
2085 .
Pinnately compound leaves take their name from their feather - like appearance ; the leaflets are arranged along the midrib , as in rose leaves ( Rosa sp . ) , or the leaves of hickory , pecan , ash , or walnut trees .
A firm can try to make its products different from those of its competitors in several ways : physical aspects of the product , location from which the product is sold , intangible aspects of the product , and perceptions of the product .
As an example , suppose Bradford receives a midterm notice that he is failing statistics class .
1387 .
4631 .
Civil servants receive pay based on the U.S. Federal General Schedule .
Citizens United overturned the soft money ban of the Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act and allowed corporations and unions to spend unlimited amounts of money on elections .
Senator Bob Corker ( R - TN ) ( a ) , the chairman of the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations , and Senator Ben Cardin ( D - MD ) ( b ) , the ranking Democrat on the committee , each addressed Secretary of State John Kerry during the February 2016 discussion of the Obama administration ’s 2017 federal budget hearings .
A stressor would likely be appraised as a threat if one anticipates that it could lead to some kind of harm , loss , or other negative consequence ; conversely , a stressor would likely be appraised as a challenge if one believes that it carries the potential for gain or personal growth .
The bond has a maturity date when the borrower will pay back its face value as well as its last interest payment .
Many of the provisions dealing with the rights of the accused are included in the Fifth Amendment ; accordingly , it is one of the longest in the Bill of Rights .
The achievement of a perfect balance of power is probably not possible , but general stability , or predictability in the operation of governments , strong institutions , and the absence of violence within and between nations may be .
633 .
533 .
Thousands protested the law , claiming that it encouraged racial profiling .
When the quantity of environmental protection is low so that pollution is extensive — for example , at quantity Qa — there are usually a lot of relatively cheap and easy ways to reduce pollution , and the marginal benefits of doing so are quite high .
Underproduction of GH in adults does not appear to cause any abnormalities , but in children it can result in pituitary dwarfism , in which growth is reduced .
2842 .
Asian American students also joined Chicano , Native American , and African American students to demand that colleges offer ethnic studies courses .
Citizens United v. FEC , 558 U.S. 310 ( 2010 ) .
2385 .
An elastic demand or elastic supply is one in which the elasticity is greater than one , indicating a high responsiveness to changes in price .
23 .
Quantity demanded in the market may also be two or three times the quantity needed to produce at the minimum of the average cost curve — which means that the market would have room for only two or three oligopoly firms ( and they need not produce differentiated products ) .
The U.S. government has implemented a number of programs to assist those below the poverty line and those who have incomes just above the poverty line , who are referred to as the near - poor .
The oldest of these was a straight - line or linear accelerator , called the Stanford Linear Accelerator ( SLAC ) , which accelerated particles up to 50 GeV as seen in [ link ] .
Radical Republicans insisted on harsh terms for the defeated Confederacy and protection for former slaves , going far beyond what the president proposed .
The small intestine is the organ where the digestion of protein , fats , and carbohydrates is completed .
Gregory A. Caldeira and John R. Wright .
7097 .
They engage in interspecific competition : that is , they share the environment with other species , competing with them for the same resources .
The body plan refers to the morphology of an animal , determined by developmental cues .
[ link ] shows resistors in series connected to a voltage source .
The dimensions of the antenna are critical for determining the frequency of the radiated electromagnetic waves .
Inflation is a general and ongoing rise in the level of prices in an entire economy .
4881 .
Each nucleotide is made up of three components : a nitrogenous base , a pentose ( five - carbon ) sugar , and a phosphate group ( [ link ] ) .
While republicanism offered an alternative to monarchy , it was also an alternative to democracy , a system of government characterized by majority rule , where the majority of citizens have the power to make decisions binding upon the whole .
They are behaviors worked out and agreed upon in order to suit and serve the most people .
5775 .
368 .
James Madison put forward a proposition known as the Virginia Plan , which called for a strong national government that could overturn state laws ( [ link ] ) .
Sugars produced in sources , such as leaves , need to be delivered to growing parts of the plant via the phloem in a process called translocation .
Cannon proposed that this reaction , which he called the fight - or - flight response , occurs when a person experiences very strong emotions — especially those associated with a perceived threat ( Cannon , 1932 ) .
An electrolyte is a solute that dissociates into ions when dissolved in water .
These include the heads of the Internal Revenue Service , the Central Intelligence Agency , the Office of Management and Budget , the Federal Reserve , the Social Security Administration , the Environmental Protection Agency , the National Labor Relations Board , and the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission .
In an attempt to calm fears and prevent any real fifth - column actions , President Franklin D. Roosevelt signed Executive Order 9066 , which authorized the removal of people from military areas as necessary .
Potential GDP means the same thing here that it means in the AD / AS diagrams : it refers to the quantity of output that the economy can produce with full employment of its labor and physical capital . The second conceptual line on the Keynesian cross diagram is the 45-degree line , which starts at the origin and reaches up and to the right .
If a bank makes most of its loans in a local area , then the bank may be financially vulnerable if the local economy declines , so that many people are unable to make their payments .
202 .
Material culture tends to diffuse more quickly than nonmaterial culture ; technology can spread through society in a matter of months , but it can take generations for the ideas and beliefs of society to change .
Scientists can determine the amount of energy of a wave by measuring its wavelength , the distance between consecutive points of a wave .
1484 .
Bernoulli ’s equation states that for an incompressible , frictionless fluid , the following sum is constant :
And such a district exists in the heart of the second city of England , the first manufacturing city of the world .
Osteoclasts are large bone cells with up to 50 nuclei .
SIDS
Deuterostomes differ in that their coelom forms through a process called enterocoely .
A corporation is a business that “ incorporates ” — that is owned by shareholders that have limited liability for the debt of the company but share in its profits ( and losses ) .
3473 .
5522 .
Petals , collectively the corolla , are located inside the whorl of sepals and often display vivid colors to attract pollinators .
Culture of prejudice refers to the theory that prejudice is embedded in our culture .
In sum , as the immigration and marriage equality examples illustrate , constitutional disputes have arisen as states and the federal government have sought to reposition themselves on certain policy issues , disputes that the federal courts have had to sort out .
3073 .
There are , on average , eight renal pyramids in each kidney .
When the federal government spends more money than it receives in taxes in a given year , it runs a budget deficit .
In Caught between the Dog and the Fireplug , or How to Survive Public Service ( 2001 ) , author Kenneth Ashworth provides practical advice for individuals pursuing a career in civil service .
With the death of Associate Justice Antonin Scalia in February 2016 , there remain three current justices who are considered part of the Court ’s more conservative wing — Chief Justice Roberts and Associate Justices Thomas and Alito , while four are considered more liberal - leaning — Justices Ginsburg , Breyer , Sotomayor , and Kagan ( [ link ] ) .
Compact bone is found in the shaft ( or diaphysis ) of a long bone and the surface of the flat bones , while spongy bone is found in the end ( or epiphysis ) of a long bone .
Such introductions likely occur frequently as natural phenomena .
The choice depends both on how well a nation ’s central bank can implement a specific exchange rate policy and on how well a nation ’s firms and banks can adapt to different exchange rate policies .
2354 .
Scientists use a tool called a phylogenetic tree to show the evolutionary pathways and connections among organisms .
5590 .
Andrew Jackson won more popular votes and more votes in the Electoral College than any other candidate .
Industries differ from one another in terms of how many sellers there are in a specific market , how easy or difficult it is for a new firm to enter , and the type of products that are sold .
The m term in the equation for the line is the slope .
The number of U.S. jobs rose from 71 million in 1970 to 138 million in 2012 .
The loss in social surplus that occurs when the economy produces at an inefficient quantity is called deadweight loss .
The formation of a ring composed of repeating units of a protein called FtsZ directs the partition between the nucleoids .
4451 .
The movement for marriage equality has put the full faith and credit clause to the test in recent decades .
LH also enters the testes and stimulates the interstitial cells of Leydig to make and release testosterone into the testes and the blood .
Astrocytes , shown in [ link ] a make contact with both capillaries and neurons in the CNS .
Over periods of some years or decades , as the productive power of an economy to supply goods and services increases , total demand in the economy grows at roughly the same pace . 4919 .
For more on the Pendleton Act and its effects see Sean M. Theriault .
2938 .
Bass ( 1985 ) popularized and developed the concepts of transactional leadership versus transformational leadership styles .
When the price is below equilibrium , there is excess demand , or a shortage — that is , at the given price the quantity demanded , which has been stimulated by the lower price , now exceeds the quantity supplied , which had been depressed by the lower price .
One of the most important environmental consequences of ecosystem dynamics is biomagnification .
The bilaterally symmetrical animals are further divided into deuterostomes ( including chordates and echinoderms ) and two distinct clades of protostomes ( including ecdysozoans and lophotrochozoans ) ( [ link ] a b ) .
Later , sociologist Manual Castells ( 1998 ) added the term fourth world to refer to stigmatized minority groups that were denied a political voice all over the globe ( indigenous minority populations , prisoners , and the homeless , for example ) .
State and federal governments support research in a variety of ways .
2547 .
1498 .
Such a system is underdamped ; its displacement is represented by the curve in [ link ] .
2652 .
As the Great Recession of 2008 deepened , the situation of ordinary citizens became worse .
Remember that this applies to the extent that all the forces are conservative , so that friction is negligible .
5554 .
The courts have generally read the Tenth Amendment as merely stating , as Chief Justice Harlan Stone put it , a “ truism that all is retained which has not been surrendered . ”
A nation ’s level of trade may at first sound like much the same issue as the balance of trade , but these two are actually quite separate .
The most common pattern of total utility , as shown here , is that consuming additional goods leads to greater total utility , but at a decreasing rate .
4020 .
Piaget said that children develop schemata to help them understand the world .
4437 .
The part of the embryonic axis that projects above the cotyledons is known as the epicotyl .
1013 .
U.S. Minimum Wage and Inflation After adjusting for inflation , the federal minimum wage dropped more than 30 percent from 1967 to 2010 , even though the nominal figure climbed from $ 1.40 to $ 7.25 per hour .
Rotational movement is the movement of a bone as it rotates around its longitudinal axis .
In contrast , punishment always decreases a behavior .
329 .
3945 .
Reciprocity is the give and take in relationships .
Soon towns all over Massachusetts had formed their own committees , and many other colonies followed suit .
In an agrarian society , the seasons dictate the rhythm of life .
The simple act of moving away to college presents a voter registration problem .
Plant nutrients may be composed of either organic or inorganic compounds .
2731 .
Also , low - income families can qualify for federal housing assistance .
Latent preferences are not deeply held and do not remain the same over time .
They change enzyme concentrations in the cytoplasm and affect cellular metabolism .
These minutemen , many of whom were veterans of the French and Indian War , played an important role in the war for independence .
Representative bias describes a faulty way of thinking , in which you unintentionally stereotype someone or something ; for example , you may assume that your professors spend their free time reading books and engaging in intellectual conversation , because the idea of them spending their time playing volleyball or visiting an amusement park does not fit in with your stereotypes of professors .
These individual virus particles are the infectious form of a virus outside the host cell .
107 .
Eggs and sperm are released into the water , and fertilization occurs externally .
Lampreys are similar to hagfishes in size and shape ; however , lampreys possess some vertebral elements .
3672 .
For instance , the recessive lethal Curly allele in Drosophila affects wing shape in the heterozygote form but is lethal in the homozygote . A single copy of the wild - type allele is not always sufficient for normal functioning or even survival .
These two definitions of cost are important for distinguishing between two conceptions of profit , accounting profit and economic profit .
1461 .
1306 .
During sexual reproduction , thousands of asci fill a fruiting body called the ascocarp .
Until approximately 1989–1990 , advanced industrial democracies aligned themselves behind one of these two superpowers .
The mass of hyphae is a mycelium ( [ link ] ) .
Some species also have flagella ( singular , flagellum ) used for locomotion , and pili ( singular , pilus ) used for attachment to surfaces .
Water entering the spongocoel is extruded via a large common opening called the osculum .
The probability of finding a particle is related to the square of its wave function , and so there is a small probability of finding the particle outside the barrier , which implies that the particle can tunnel through the barrier .
The Speaker of the House and the Senate majority leader , the majority party ’s congressional leaders , have significant tools at their disposal to punish party members who defect on a particular vote .
122 .
6916 .
Barbara Walters , “ Ms. Walters Reflects , ” Vanity Fair , 31 May 2008 , On newspaper staffs , women reported having to fight for assignments to well - published beats , or to be assigned areas or topics , such as the economy or politics , that were normally reserved for male journalists .
By setting aside the assumption of putting a numerical valuation on utility — an assumption that many students and economists find uncomfortably unrealistic — the indifference curve framework helps to clarify the logic of the underlying model . What Is an Indifference Curve ?
1960 .
These profits should attract vigorous competition as described in Perfect Competition , and yet , because of one particular characteristic of monopoly , they do not .
This change produces no ill effects and , in fact , may be beneficial to the tone of the circulatory system .
Ribosomes are able to read the genetic information inscribed on a strand of messenger RNA and use this information to string amino acids together into a protein .
The Homestead Act allowed any head of household , or individual over the age of twenty - one — including unmarried women — to receive a parcel of 160 acres for only a nominal filing fee .
6526 .
The World Trade Organization ( WTO ) is committed to lowering barriers to trade .
Anti - dumping complaints have risen in recent years , from about 100 cases per year in the late 1980s to about 200 new cases each year by the late 2000s .
It is sometimes convenient to work with a unit other than molecules when measuring the amount of substance .
Ecosystem resistance and resilience are especially important when considering human impact .
6952 .
The ventral cavity also contains the abdominopelvic cavity , which can be separated into the abdominal and the pelvic cavities .
Many trace the party ’s origins to groups that champion the interests of the wealthy such as Americans for Prosperity and Citizens for a Sound Economy .
When GDP per capita rises by 5 % , it could mean that GDP for everyone in the society has risen by 5 % , or that of some groups has risen by more while that of others has risen by less — or even declined .
The social construction of sexuality refers to the way in which socially created definitions about the cultural appropriateness of sex - linked behavior shape the way people see and experience sexuality .
3633 .
In some cases , populations of a species move or are moved to a new habitat and take up residence in a place that no longer overlaps with the other populations of the same species .
Party identifiers are also more likely to provide financial support for the candidates of their party during election season .
Because the repressor protein actively binds to the operator to keep the genes turned off , the trp operon is negatively regulated and the proteins that bind to the operator to silence trp expression are negative regulators .
5623 .
Some interests arise solely to defeat legislation and go dormant after they achieve their immediate objectives .
4675 .
There are different variations of endocytosis , but all share a common characteristic : The plasma membrane of the cell invaginates , forming a pocket around the target particle .
An estimated 185 species comprise caecilians , a group of amphibians that belong to the order Apoda .
Point mutations are those mutations that affect a single base pair .
On September 14 , 2001 , President George W. Bush promises justice at the site of the destroyed World Trade Center in New York City ( b ) .
1695 .
This approach to therapy remains centered on the role of people ’s internal drives and forces , but treatment is less intensive than Freud ’s original model .
The single genus Equisetum is the survivor of a large group of plants , known as Arthrophyta , which produced large trees and entire swamp forests in the Carboniferous .
The amygdala is involved in our experience of emotion and in tying emotional meaning to our memories .
The marginal propensity to consume ( MPC ) , is the share of the additional dollar of income a person decides to devote to consumption expenditures .
These kinds of delusions are known as paranoid delusions , which involve the ( false ) belief that other people or agencies are plotting to harm the person .
It therefore takes water a long time to heat and long time to cool .
1266 .
997 .
Plasmids occur naturally in bacterial populations ( such as Escherichia coli ) and have genes that can contribute favorable traits to the organism , such as antibiotic resistance ( the ability to be unaffected by antibiotics ) .
They may also be task - focused and time - limited .
The marginal propensity to save ( MPS ) is the share of the additional dollar a person decides to save .
Here companies may have to deal with limited inputs , such as skilled labor .
The population composition includes the sex ratio , the number of men for every hundred women , as well as the population pyramid , a picture of population distribution by sex and age ( [ link ] ) .
Metabolomics is related to genomics and proteomics .
This ensures that only materials required by the root pass through the endodermis , while toxic substances and pathogens are generally excluded .
A granzyme is a protease that digests cellular proteins and induces the target cell to undergo programmed cell death , or apoptosis .
Many adopted millennialism , the fervent belief that the Kingdom of God would be established on earth and that God would reign on earth for a thousand years , characterized by harmony and Christian morality .
3564 .
Cohesive forces between molecules cause the surface of a liquid to contract to the smallest possible surface area .
Another proposal , the New Jersey Plan , called for a unicameral legislature with one house , in which each state would have one vote .
These fields can exert forces and move charges in the system and , thus , do work on them .
In the case of shoes , for instance , American merchants hired one group of workers to cut soles into standardized sizes .
The two main publicly funded healthcare programs are Medicare , which provides health services to people over sixty - five years old as well as people who meet other standards for disability , and Medicaid , which provides services to people with very low incomes who meet other eligibility requirements .
5296 .
If a sound comes from an off - center location , it creates two types of binaural cues : interaural level differences and interaural timing differences .
School and classroom rituals , led by teachers serving as role models and leaders , regularly reinforce what society expects from children .
3659 .
Safety behaviors include avoiding eye contact , rehearsing sentences before speaking , talking only briefly , and not talking about oneself ( Alden & Bieling , 1998 ) .
The relationship between pressure and velocity in fluids is described quantitatively by Bernoulli ’s equation , named after its discoverer , the Swiss scientist Daniel Bernoulli ( 1700 – 1782 ) .
Social organizations worldwide take stands on such general areas of concern as poverty , sex trafficking , and the use of genetically modified organisms ( GMOs ) in food .
This is the amount the borrower agrees to pay the investor at maturity .
Perception is an individual ’s interpretation of a sensation .
2084 .
It may be their first encounter with grief , a psychological , emotional , and social response to the feelings of loss that accompanies death or a similar event .
4992 .
If private saving and the trade balance remain the same , then less financial capital will be available for private investment in physical capital .
Virions , single virus particles , are very small , about 20–250 nanometers in diameter .
1091 .
Immune tolerance is brought about by specialized APCs in the liver , lymph nodes , small intestine , and lung that present harmless antigens to an exceptionally diverse population of regulatory T ( Treg ) cells , specialized lymphocytes that suppress local inflammation and inhibit the secretion of stimulatory immune factors .
A scientific hypothesis is also falsifiable , or capable of being shown to be incorrect .
Photosynthesis takes place in their green stems , and small yellow knobs form at the tip of the branch stem and contain the sporangia .
6946 .
6102 .
Some southerners feared the federal government would next take additional action against the South , including the abolition of slavery .
When a warrant is needed , law enforcement officers do not need enough evidence to secure a conviction , but they must demonstrate to a judge that there is probable cause to believe a crime has been committed or evidence will be found .
Respondents may not know that much about the polling topic but are unwilling to say , “ I do n’t know . ”
This does not automatically mean the wealthy pay less than the poor , simply that the percentage of their income they pay in taxes will be lower .
380 .
If all prices , wages , and interest rates adjusted automatically and immediately with inflation , as in the Land of Funny Money , then no one ’s purchasing power , profits , or real loan payments would change .
We call the original nuclide the parent and its decay products the daughters .
Flower structure is very diverse , and carpels may be singular , multiple , or fused .
Thus , the products of these reactions can be thought of as energy - storing molecules .
Many people juggle the demands of work life with the demands of their home life , whether it be caring for children or taking care of an elderly parent ; this is known as work - family balance .
Adenine and guanine are classified as purines .
The nicks that remain between the newly synthesized DNA ( that replaced the RNA primer ) and the previously synthesized DNA are sealed by the enzyme DNA ligase that catalyzes the formation of phosphodiester linkage between the 3'-OH end of one nucleotide and the 5 ' phosphate end of the other fragment .
4436 .
6266 .
Ethanol , which we commonly refer to as alcohol , is in a class of psychoactive drugs known as depressants ( [ link ] ) .
For example , a charged rubber comb attracts neutral bits of paper from a distance via the Coulomb force .
They were known as exodusters , referencing the biblical flight from Egypt , because they fled the racism of the South , with most of them headed to Kansas from Kentucky , Tennessee , Louisiana , Mississippi , and Texas .
6973 .
During the last four months of 2008 , one million American workers lost their jobs , and during 2009 , another three million found themselves out of work .
The Fourteenth Amendment granted citizenship to African Americans and equal protection under the law regardless of race or color .
A class consists of a set of people who share similar status with regard to factors like wealth , income , education , and occupation .
2854 .
393 .
U.S. imports from abroad will be relatively cheaper , so the quantity of imports will rise .
To ensure that no more than one sperm fertilizes the egg , once the acrosomal reactions take place at one location of the egg membrane , the egg releases proteins in other locations to prevent other sperm from fusing with the egg .
There also exist structural modifications called plasmodesmata ( singular = plasmodesma ) , numerous channels that pass between cell walls of adjacent plant cells , connect their cytoplasm , and enable materials to be transported from cell to cell , and thus throughout the plant ( [ link ] ) .
Liberal whites dominated the organization in its early years , but African Americans assumed control over its operations in the 1920s . “NAACP : 100 Years of History , ” https://donate.naacp.org/pages/naacp-history ( April 10 , 2016 ) .
Dan Merica , “ Black Lives Matter Protesters Shut Down Sanders Event in Seattle , ” CNN , 10 August 2015 .
In industrial societies , mechanical solidarity is replaced with organic solidarity , which is social order based around an acceptance of economic and social differences .
Concepts are categories or groupings of linguistic information , images , ideas , or memories , such as life experiences .
These animals are asymmetrical and usually present a coiled shell ( [ link ] ) .
486 .
The Pleistocene Extinction is one of the lesser extinctions , and a recent one .
2841 .
3023 .
The feces are propelled using peristaltic movements during elimination .
5327 .
At its most basic level , being a member of the party - in - the - electorate simply means a voter is more likely to voice support for a party .
Think back to our discussion of the research done by the American Cancer Society and how their research projects were some of the first demonstrations of the link between smoking and cancer .
2680 .
4187 .
5276 .
Under heightened skepticism due to government inefficiency and outright corruption in the 1970s , government officials began looking for solutions .
6523 .
The more people pulled out their money in bank runs , the closer the banks came to insolvency ( [ link ] ) .
size 12 { F = ital " mr " α " . " }
6664 .
The enzymes recognize the incorrectly added nucleotide and excise it ; this is then replaced by the correct base .
For example , when a temperate bacteriophage infects a bacterial cell , it replicates by means of a lysogenic cycle ( [ link ] ) , and the viral genome is incorporated into the genome of the host cell .
2448 .
The junction between nerve cells where signal transmission occurs is called a synapse .
Many banks and other financial institutions also offer a chance to invest in money market funds , where the deposits of many individual investors are pooled together and invested in a safe way , such as short - term government bonds .
6227 .
It involves learning information that you previously learned .
The two major types of light - sensing cells ( photoreceptors ) in the retina are rods and cones .
PV Diagrams and their Relationship to Work Done on or by a GasA process by which a gas does work on a piston at constant pressure is called an isobaric process .
Although at the beginning of the war President Abraham Lincoln had been willing to allow slavery to continue in the South to preserve the Union , he changed his policies regarding abolition over the course of the war .
4813 .
2722 .
One component of flexible response was the Green Berets , a U.S. Army Special Forces unit trained in counterinsurgency — the military suppression of rebel and nationalist groups in foreign nations .
This rule is appealing because it requires price to be set equal to marginal cost , which is what would occur in a perfectly competitive market , and it would assure consumers a higher quantity and lower price than at the monopoly choice A .
What factors would cause the demand or supply to shift , thus leading to a change in the equilibrium exchange rate ?
In observational learning , we learn by watching others and then imitating , or modeling , what they do or say .
The hippocampus is an essential structure for learning and memory .
Biological milestones , such as puberty , tend to be universal , but social milestones , such as the age when children begin formal schooling , are not necessarily universal ; instead , they affect most individuals in a particular culture ( Gesell & Ilg , 1946 ) .
6441 .
In 1983 , a mere 50 corporations owned the bulk of mass - media outlets .
At the onset of puberty , the hypothalamus causes the release of FSH and LH into the male system for the first time .
2323 .
During this time , an individual ’s heart rate and respiration slow dramatically .
The dorsal cavity contains the cranial and the vertebral ( or spinal ) cavities .
A supply schedule is a table , like [ link ] , that shows the quantity supplied at a range of different prices .
Dunmore ’s Proclamation exposed serious problems for both the Patriot cause and for the British .
The polymerase comprised of all five subunits is called the holoenzyme .
Research suggests that several areas of the hypothalamus and hindbrain are especially important sites where this integration occurs ( Ahima & Antwi , 2008 ; Woods & D’Alessio , 2008 ) .
Because they use light to manufacture their own food , they are called photoautotrophs ( literally , “ self - feeders using light ” ) .
This situation is called diseconomies of scale .
6902 .
196 .
Martin Luther King , Jr. ( left ) and Malcolm X ( right ) adopted different approaches to securing civil rights for African Americans .
Kant agreed with Galen that everyone could be sorted into one of the four temperaments and that there was no overlap between the four categories ( Eysenck , 2009 ) .
Alternating current ( AC ) is the flow of electric charge that periodically reverses direction .
The Fourteenth Amendment granted citizenship to African Americans and equal protection under the law regardless of race or color .
On average , under non - exertion conditions , the human respiratory rate is 12 – 15 breaths / minute .
5743 .
6546 .
6807 .
4686 .
255 .
The Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now ( ACORN ) , which is now defunct , was both lauded and criticized for its efforts to get voters in low socio - economic areas registered during the 2008 election . Michael B. Farrell .
Traditionally , tariffs were used simply as a political tool to protect certain vested economic , social , and cultural interests .
Have you ever worked your way through various levels on a video game ?
This course of evolution is suggested by similarities between theropod fossils and birds , specifically in the structure of the hip and wrist bones , as well as the presence of the wishbone , formed by the fusing of the clavicles . One important fossil of an animal intermediate to dinosaurs and birds is Archaeopteryx , which is from the Jurassic period ( [ link ] ) .
Although initially reluctant to be on the air , reporter Edward R. Murrow of CBS began reporting live about Germany ’s actions from his posts in Europe .
Sometimes a researcher wants to study one specific person or event .
Elasticities that are less than one indicate low responsiveness to price changes and correspond to inelastic demand or inelastic supply .
Disturbance of these dendrites by compressing them or bending them opens gated ion channels in the plasma membrane of the sensory neuron , changing its electrical potential .
If the European continent was stable , so too was the world .
Seligman also believed that the passivity and lack of initiative these dogs demonstrated was similar to that observed in human depression .
The court struck down key pillars of the New Deal — the National Industrial Recovery Act and the Agricultural Adjustment Act , for example — on the grounds that the federal government was operating in matters that were within the purview of the states .
2958 .
Parallel to these studies in industrial and organizational psychology , the field of human factors psychology was also developing .
Aggregate supply ( AS ) refers to the total quantity of output ( i.e .
The two amygdala are important both for the sensation of fear and for recognizing fearful faces .
2269 .
Visit this website to hear an NPR interview with Philip Zimbardo where he discusses the parallels between the Stanford prison experiment and the Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq .
3114 .
Aaron Blake , “ This terrible polls shows Elizabeth Warren beating Hillary Clinton , ” Washington Post , 11 February 2015 .
The slender seta ( plural , setae ) , as seen in [ link ] , contains tubular cells that transfer nutrients from the base of the sporophyte ( the foot ) to the sporangium or capsule .
”Constitution Society , “ To the Citizens of the State of New - York , ” http://www.constitution.org/afp/brutus02.htm ( March 4 , 2016 ) .
Madame Jeanne Calment of France was the world 's oldest living person until she died at 122 years old ; there are currently six women in the world whose ages are well documented as 115 years or older ( Diebel 2014 ) .
4789 .
Neither Ronald Reagan nor Bill Clinton was especially popular with the party leadership of the Republicans or the Democrats ( respectively ) at the outset .
Individuals who identify with the role that is the different from their biological sex are called transgender .
When we examine race and how it can bring us both advantages and disadvantages , it is important to acknowledge that the way we experience race is shaped , for example , by our gender and class .
4183 .
For example , during a recession banks may be hesitant to lend , because they fear that when the economy is contracting , a high proportion of loan applicants become less likely to repay their loans .
809 .
Storage is the creation of a permanent record of information .
724 .
Comparative advantage asks this same question slightly differently .
4797 .
3570 .
So far , we have discussed traits that involve just one gene , but few human characteristics are controlled by a single gene .
Upon implantation , this multi - cellular organism is called an embryo .
This is called pseudostratified , columnar epithelia .
819 .
As discussed in Money and Banking , a bank ’s assets are its loans , and the value of these assets depends on estimates about the risk that these loans will not be repaid .
The results of some of these efforts were published in two books — Sexual Behavior in the Human Male and Sexual Behavior in the Human Female — which were published in 1948 and 1953 , respectively ( Bullough , 1998 ) .
4125 .
2961 .
Prior to the election in 2012 , political activist Grover Norquist , the founder of Americans for Tax Reform ( ATR ) , asked all Republican members of Congress to sign a “ Taxpayer Protection Pledge ” that they would fight efforts to raise taxes or to eliminate any deductions that were not accompanied by tax cuts .
Ostracoderms were vertebrate fishes encased in bony armor , unlike present - day jawless fishes , which lack bone in their scales .
The organization lobbied state legislators to raise the drinking age and impose tougher penalties , but without success .
We also use the tone of our voices , various behaviors , and body language to communicate information about our emotional states .
6319 .
A carrier wave having the basic frequency of the radio station , say 1530 kHz , is varied or modulated in amplitude by an audio signal .
1864 .
The thyroid gland is located in the neck , just below the larynx and in front of the trachea , as shown in [ link ] .
To combat hiring discrimination , in the United States there are numerous city , state , and federal laws that prevent hiring based on various group - membership criteria .
In 1893 , Émile Durkheim described what he called “ mechanical ” and “ organic ” solidarity that correlates to a society ’s economy .
2167 .
These costs are offset by a 12.4 percent payroll tax on all wages up to $ 118,500 ; employers and workers who are not self - employed split the bill for each worker , whereas the self - employed pay their entire share .
Because fiscal policy affects the quantity that the government borrows in financial capital markets , it not only affects aggregate demand — it can also affect interest rates .
This was sufficient for sequencing small genomes .
6126 .
5100 .
Called the test cross , this technique is still used by plant and animal breeders .
The law officially took the country off the gold standard , a restrictive practice that , although conservative and traditionally viewed as safe , severely limited the circulation of paper money .
6699 .
Crimes are usually labeled felonies or misdemeanors based on their nature and seriousness ; felonies are the more serious crimes .
1588 .
Historically , moreover , the majority leader tends to be in the best position to assume the speakership when the current Speaker steps down .
As shown in [ link ] , a stack of thylakoids is called a granum , and the liquid - filled space surrounding the granum is called stroma or “ bed ” ( not to be confused with stoma or “ mouth , ” an opening on the leaf epidermis ) .
Whether you produce a lot or a little , the fixed costs are the same .
Dalton ’s law is based on kinetic theory , where each gas creates its pressure by molecular collisions , independent of other gases present .
430 .
The already familiar direction of heat transfer from hot to cold is the basis of our first version of the second law of thermodynamics .
Two mechanisms exist for the transport of small - molecular weight material and small molecules .
Amphiarthroses are joints that allow slight movement , including syndesmoses and symphyses .
Stage 3 and stage 4 of sleep are often referred to as deep sleep or slow - wave sleep because these stages are characterized by low frequency ( up to 4 Hz ) , high amplitude delta waves ( [ link ] ) .
6853 .
Remember that slope is defined as rise over run ; more specifically , the slope of a line from one point to another is the change in the vertical axis divided by the change in the horizontal axis .
Those afflicted were thought to be practitioners of black magic or possessed by spirits ( [ link ] ) ( Maher & Maher , 1985 ) .
Therefore , each parent contributes half the genetic information carried by the offspring ; the resulting physical characteristics of the offspring ( called the phenotype ) are determined by the interaction of genetic material supplied by the parents ( called the genotype ) .
For example , an upper - class executive may have parents who belonged to the middle class .
3222 .
If you look at [ link ] b , you will see that plant cells each have a large central vacuole that occupies most of the area of the cell .
The reticular formation is important in regulating the sleep / wake cycle , arousal , alertness , and motor activity .
Although children develop at slightly different rates , we can use these age - related averages as general guidelines to compare children with same - age peers to determine the approximate ages they should reach specific normative events called developmental milestones ( e.g. , crawling , walking , writing , dressing , naming colors , speaking in sentences , and starting puberty ) .
Louis E. Lomax .
Back pressure can be created naturally as on the right side of [ link ] .
419 .
6778 .
A key concept in Keynesian economics is the expenditure multiplier .
By examining it , we shall see that the directions associated with the second law — heat transfer from hot to cold , for example — are related to the tendency in nature for systems to become disordered and for less energy to be available for use as work .
The new technologies of the time led to a massive leap in industrialization , requiring large numbers of workers .
In 1865 , Mendel presented the results of his experiments with nearly 30,000 pea plants to the local Natural History Society .
The feeling that we belong in an elite or select group is a heady one , while the feeling of not being allowed in , or of being in competition with a group , can be motivating in a different way .
2516 .
1465 .
Many animal viruses , such as HIV ( human immunodeficiency virus ) , leave the infected cells of the immune system by a process known as budding , where virions leave the cell individually .
515 .
Disposable income : For most people , the single most powerful determinant of how much they consume is how much income they have in their take - home pay , also known as disposable income , which is income after taxes .
According to the World Bank ( 2014b ) , in 2013 , the average gross national income ( GNI ) per capita , or the mean income of the people in a nation , found by dividing total GNI by the total population , of a high - income nation belonging to the OECD was $ 43,903 per capita and the total population was over one billion ( 1.045 billion ) ; on average , 81 percent of the population in these nations was urban .
5865 .
6469 .
Thick filaments occur only in the A band of a myofibril .
4292 .
It means total revenue minus explicit costs — the difference between dollars brought in and dollars paid out .
6837 .
Such organizations are frequently criticized for waste , poor service , and a low level of client responsiveness .
The greater the risk that a loan will not be repaid , the less that any financial institution will pay to acquire the loan .
4804 .
6786 .
Job stress , or job strain , is caused by specific stressors in an occupation .
This organization allows the greatest range of motion , as all movement types are possible in all directions .
( Globalization and Protectionism explains this concept in more detail . )
They are short , hair - like structures that are used to move entire cells ( such as paramecia ) or substances along the outer surface of the cell ( for example , the cilia of cells lining the Fallopian tubes that move the ovum toward the uterus , or cilia lining the cells of the respiratory tract that trap particulate matter and move it toward your nostrils .
Ribosomes are the cellular structures responsible for protein synthesis .
Nor is this impact limited to chief executives deemed successful : Lyndon Johnson ’s Vietnam and Richard Nixon ’s Watergate offered cautionary tales of presidential power gone wrong , leaving behind legacies that include terms like Vietnam syndrome and the tendency to add the suffix “ -gate ” to scandals and controversies .
4629 .
The combined gradient of concentration and electrical charge that affects an ion is called its electrochemical gradient .
5722 .
3424 .
Visually , this concept is better represented by ( b ) the multi - trunked Ficus than by the single trunk of the oak similar to the tree drawn by Darwin [ link ] .
With less - than critical damping , the system will return to equilibrium faster but will overshoot and cross over one or more times .
4805 .
1509 .
2834 .
A variation of pinocytosis is called potocytosis .
Neurons are not physically connected , but communicate via neurotransmitters secreted into synapses or “ gaps ” between communicating neurons .
Even very small forces are known to cause some deformation .
The ( a ) chimpanzee is one of the great apes .
258 .
The practical question is that measuring the value of a bank ’s assets is not always straightforward .
This situation is referred to as immunosuppression , the decreased effectiveness of the immune system .
Many parasitic fungi possess haustoria , as these structures penetrate the tissues of the host , release digestive enzymes within the host 's body , and absorb the digested nutrients .
Ethylene is unusual because it is a volatile gas ( C2H4 ) .
3984 .
In contrast , permanent tissue consists of plant cells that are no longer actively dividing .
An enumerated power is a power explicitly stated in the Constitution .
Economists refer to this pattern as the law of diminishing marginal utility , which means that as a person receives more of a good , the additional ( or marginal ) utility from each additional unit of the good declines .
One strategy is rehearsal , or the conscious repetition of information to be remembered ( Craik & Watkins , 1973 ) . 3919 .
Material and nonmaterial aspects of culture are linked , and physical objects often symbolize cultural ideas .
Children learn to respect government , follow laws , and obey the requests of police , firefighters , and other first responders .
Categorical grants are federal transfers formulated to limit recipients ’ discretion in the use of funds and subject them to strict administrative criteria that guide project selection , performance , and financial oversight , among other things .
PRH stimulates the release of prolactin and PIH inhibits it . The posterior pituitary releases the hormone oxytocin , which stimulates uterine contractions during childbirth .
The cell is in a quiescent ( inactive ) stage that occurs when cells exit the cell cycle .
The vegetative stage consists of a tangle of slender thread - like structures called hyphae ( singular , hypha ) , whereas the reproductive stage can be more conspicuous .
Through the work of scientists in the late 18th century , the main features of the electrostatic force — the existence of two types of charge , the observation that like charges repel , unlike charges attract , and the decrease of force with distance — were eventually refined , and expressed as a mathematical formula .
In a most efficient and elegant way , cells have evolved to use the products of their own reactions for feedback inhibition of enzyme activity .
According to this theory , color is coded in opponent pairs : black - white , yellow - blue , and green - red . 3615 .
If the funding for a larger budget deficit comes from international financial investors , then a budget deficit may be accompanied by a trade deficit .
Conversely , when the government receives more money in taxes than it spends in a year , it runs a budget surplus .
Various constitutional provisions govern state - to - state relations .
In such a setting , the market has room for only one firm , because no smaller firm can operate at a low enough average cost to compete , and no larger firm could sell what it produced given the quantity demanded in the market .
South Carolina passed an Ordinance of Nullification declaring both tariff acts null and void and threatened to leave the Union .
A + B = B + A .
4724 .
The New York Times brought back the informational model , which exhibits impartiality and accuracy and promotes transparency in government and politics . 6414 .
322 .
If they are embarrassed to admit how they would vote , they may lie to the interviewer .
Two of the most well - known proponents of humanistic psychology are Abraham Maslow and Carl Rogers ( O’Hara , n.d . ) .
2107 .
3749 .
On Black Tuesday , October 29 , stock holders traded over sixteen million shares and lost over $ 14 billion in wealth in a single day .
Aversive conditioning uses an unpleasant stimulus to stop an undesirable behavior .
If Mexico wants to produce more refrigerators without trade , it must face its domestic opportunity costs and reduce shoe production .
All healthy babies are born with newborn reflexes : inborn automatic responses to particular forms of stimulation .
614 .
In two states , Nebraska and Maine , the electoral votes are divided .
If the value of the lira exchange rate depreciates , then Turkey ’s banks will find it impossible to repay the international loans that are in U.S. dollars or euros .
Local political movements in a number of U.S. cities have pushed for a higher minimum wage , which they call a living wage .
In dicot roots , the xylem and phloem of the stele are arranged alternately in an X shape , whereas in monocot roots , the vascular tissue is arranged in a ring around the pith .
The perception of a threat triggers a secondary appraisal : judgment of the options available to cope with a stressor , as well as perceptions of how effective such options will be ( Lyon , 2012 ) ( [ link ] ) .
The strategy anti - abortion advocates have used in recent years is another example of venue shopping .
407 .
256 .
1638 .
2857 .
6866 .
Candidates are given a few minutes to try to argue their side of an issue , but some say television focuses on the argument rather than on information .
5135 .
Theta waves still dominate the activity of the brain , but they are interrupted by brief bursts of activity known as sleep spindles ( [ link ] ) .
The mons pubis is a round , fatty area that overlies the pubic symphysis .
The deformation of the ruler creates a force in the opposite direction , known as a restoring force .
Power transmission lines might come to mind .
There is evidence of some specialization of function — referred to as lateralization — in each hemisphere , mainly regarding differences in language ability .
Now consider the amniotic egg characteristic in the same figure .
This interference is between light reflected from different surfaces of a thin film ; thus , the effect is known as thin film interference .
Chicken pox , influenza , and mumps are examples of diseases caused by viruses with envelopes .
4151 .
Colorism is another kind of prejudice , in which someone believes one type of skin tone is superior or inferior to another within a racial group .
Electricity has two hazards .
3494 .
When the reproductive hormone is required , the hypothalamus sends a gonadotropin - releasing hormone ( GnRH ) to the anterior pituitary .
This is a common occurrence , as the following well - publicized event demonstrates .
Gender identity is a person ’s deeply held internal perception of his or her gender .
As a consequence , the economy experiences inflation .
6570 .
Traditionally , ecologists have measured biodiversity , a general term for the variety present in the biosphere , by taking into account both the number of species and their commonness .
The Associated Press .
A corporate merger occurs when two formerly separate firms combine to become a single firm .
Cations are positive ions that are formed by losing electrons .
This is because of a phenomenon called recruitment , which is the process of opening airways that normally remain closed when cardiac output increases .
[ link ] illustrates that the earned income tax credits , child tax credits , and the TANF program all cost the federal government money — either in direct outlays or in loss of tax revenues .
A midsagittal plane divides the body exactly in the middle , making two equal right and left halves .
M1 money supply includes coins and currency in circulation — the coins and bills that circulate in an economy that are not held by the U.S. Treasury , at the Federal Reserve Bank , or in bank vaults .
1361 .
While the inner amniotic membrane surrounds the embryo itself , the chorion surrounds the embryo and yolk sac .
Rather than resting in the hands of individuals , a variety of organized groups hold power , with some groups having more influence on certain issues than others .
2569 .
Reactions that have a negative ∆G and consequently release free energy are called exergonic reactions .
The counterculture offered an alternative to the bland homogeneity of American middle - class life , patriarchal family structures , self - discipline , unquestioning patriotism , and the acquisition of property .
With the support of major Italian industrialists and the king , who saw Fascism as a bulwark against growing Socialist and Communist movements , Mussolini became prime minister in 1922 .
This is an example of a balanced chemical equation , wherein the number of atoms of each element is the same on each side of the equation .
Functionalism , also called structural - functional theory , sees society as a structure with interrelated parts designed to meet the biological and social needs of the individuals in that society .
The vibrations of the oval window create pressure waves in the fluid ( perilymph ) inside the cochlea .
Several modifications are found in birds to reduce body weight , including pneumatization of bones .
However , because he did not win the majority ( more than half ) of the available electoral votes , the election was decided by the House of Representatives , as required by the Twelfth Amendment .
Federal cash grants do come with strings attached ; the national government has an interest in seeing that public monies are used for policy activities that advance national objectives .
G - protein - linked receptors bind a ligand and activate a membrane protein called a G - protein .
Members of each credit union decide who is eligible to be a member .
In the election of 1824 , numerous candidates contended for the presidency , all members of the Democratic - Republican Party .
Many states passed laws banning same - sex marriage , and many gay and lesbian couples challenged these laws , successfully , in the courts .
This is shown in the following formula :
Eventually , in 1917 , the Senate passed Rule 22 , which allowed the chamber to hold a cloture vote to end debate .
In the movie It ’s a Wonderful Life , the bank manager , played by Jimmy Stewart , faces a mob of worried bank depositors who want to withdraw their money , but manages to allay their fears by allowing some of them to withdraw a portion of their deposits — using the money from his own pocket that was supposed to pay for his honeymoon .
This means that if you travel far enough in any direction , you will return to your starting point , analogous to circumnavigating the Earth .
“ Interstate Crosscheck Program Grows , ” http://www.kssos.org/forms/communication/canvassing_kansas/dec13.pdf .
Enzymes within the lysosomes aid the breakdown of proteins , polysaccharides , lipids , nucleic acids , and even worn - out organelles .
Even when below its boiling point , water ’s individual molecules acquire enough energy from other water molecules such that some surface water molecules can escape and vaporize : this process is known as evaporation .
As we grow older , we sleep less .
4389 .
It is at this step in the reaction center , this step in photosynthesis , that light energy is converted into an excited electron .
Because the electrons have lost energy prior to their arrival at PSI , they must be re - energized by PSI , hence , another photon is absorbed by the PSI antenna .
The other was James G. Blaine , Republican senator from Maine and leader of the Half - Breeds .
4902 .
1683 .
5033 .
Dave Mann , “ DNA Tests Undermine Evidence in Texas Execution : New Results Show Claude Jones was Put to Death on Flawed Evidence , ” Texas Observer , 11 November 2010 . http://www.texasobserver.org/texas-observer-exclusive-dna-tests-undermine-evidence-in-texas-execution/ ( March 4 , 2016 ) .
At the center of each animal cell , the centrosomes of animal cells are associated with a pair of rod - like objects , the centrioles , which are at right angles to each other .
Other congressional acts followed , limiting how much money individuals could contribute to candidates , how candidates could spend contributions , and what information would be disclosed to the public .
6869 .
4621 .
Fit to Be Tied : Sterilization and Reproductive Rights in America 1950 – 1980 . New Brunswick , NJ : Rutgers University Press .
if there are doubts about the person ’s guilt , concerns about his or her mental health , or reason to feel the punishment was inappropriately harsh .
Just two years later , in 1972 , Congress passed and the president signed the far - reaching Clean Water Act .
Thus , all species have an energy budget : they must balance energy intake with their use of energy for metabolism , reproduction , parental care , and energy storage ( such as bears building up body fat for winter hibernation ) .
1190 .
In 1686 , James II applied his concept of a centralized state to the colonies by creating an enormous colony called the Dominion of New England .
All these people can agree that religion is a system of beliefs , values , and practices concerning what a person holds sacred or considers to be spiritually significant . Does religion bring fear , wonder , relief , explanation of the unknown or control over freedom and choice ?
When President John Adams signed the Sedition Act in 1798 , which made it a crime to speak openly against the government , the Kentucky and Virginia legislatures passed resolutions declaring the act null on the grounds that they retained the discretion to follow national laws .
The heart of the process is shown in simplified form in [ link ] .
5746 .
Another issue is the challenge of preserving biodiversity , which includes the full spectrum of animal and plant genetic material .
They have colonized a variety of habitats on land , although they are never far from a source of moisture .
The outcry was so great that the new tax was quickly withdrawn , but its repeal was soon followed by a series of other tax acts , such as the Townshend Acts ( 1767 ) , which imposed taxes on many everyday objects such as glass , tea , and paint .
The poorest , most undeveloped countries were referred to as the third world and included most of sub - Saharan Africa , Latin America , and Asia .
Traits that lead to more matings for an individual become selected for by natural selection .
They typically have unstable governments , inadequate social programs , and are economically dependent on core nations for jobs and aid .
Gallup .
Its 10 electrons ( 8 from the oxygen atom and 2 from the two hydrogen atoms ) tend to remain closer to the oxygen nucleus than the hydrogen nuclei .
Doctors soon realized it often coincided with other symptoms , including a rare form of pneumonia , and they renamed it “ Gay Related Immune Deficiency ” ( GRID ) , although people other than gay men , primarily intravenous drug users , were dying from the disease as well .
83 .
6598 .
With the Soviet Union placing nuclear missiles in Cuba , just a few hundred miles from Florida , a Cold War standoff with the United States escalated .
6840 .
1499 .
Prokaryotic DNA is found in a central part of the cell : the nucleoid ( [ link ] ) .
A shock hazard occurs when electric current passes through a person .
In this novel business arrangement , which was in many ways the precursor to the modern corporation , investors provided the capital for and assumed the risk of a venture in order to reap significant returns .
The assumption behind a demand curve or a supply curve is that no relevant economic factors , other than the product ’s price , are changing .
An elastic demand or elastic supply is one in which the elasticity is greater than one , indicating a high responsiveness to changes in price .
This kind of quantitative data — research collected in numerical form that can be counted — are easy to tabulate .
4690 .
1611 .
2011 .
4381 .
854 .
3688 .
In the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) , the United States , Canada , and Mexico pledged themselves to reduce trade barriers .
Inorganic substances , which form the majority of the soil solution , are commonly called minerals : those required by plants include nitrogen ( N ) and potassium ( K ) for structure and regulation .
1704 .
The Audubon Society and a ski club are examples of normative organizations .
Long ’s men succeeded in capturing Nacogdoches , writing a Declaration of Independence ( see below ) , and setting up a republican government .
According to Weber , the power of traditional authority is accepted because that has traditionally been the case ; its legitimacy exists because it has been accepted for a long time .
In social and emotional development , forming healthy attachments is very important and is the major social milestone of infancy .
1642 .
In equation form , the photon energy isE = hf , E = hf , size 12 { E = ital " hf " } { } where EE size 12 { E } { } is the energy of a photon of frequency ff size 12 { f } { } and hh size 12 { h } { } is Planck ’s constant .
3084 .
4374 .
In 2006 , before the start of the Great Recession , the U.S. unemployment rate was 4.6 % , compared with 9 % in France , 10.4 % in Germany , and 7.1 % in Sweden .
4935 .
The payoff of stability that comes from other U.S. foreign policy goals is peace and tranquility .
3600 .
2623 .
Meissner ’s corpuscles , ( shown in [ link ] ) also known as tactile corpuscles , are found in the upper dermis , but they project into the epidermis .
The collective unconscious is a universal version of the personal unconscious , holding mental patterns , or memory traces , which are common to all of us ( Jung , 1928 ) .
848 .
Adam Smith wrote in Wealth of Nations in 1776 : “ People of the same trade seldom meet together , even for merriment and diversion , but the conversation ends in a conspiracy against the public , or in some contrivance to raise prices . ”
The last layer is the pia mater ( Latin for “ soft mother ” ) , which directly contacts and covers the brain and spinal cord like plastic wrap .
The insider - outsider model of the labor force , in simple terms , argues that those already working for firms are “ insiders , ” while new employees , at least for a time , are “ outsiders . ”
847 .
If the animal is capable of fragmentation , and the part is big enough , a separate individual will regrow .
In the realm of foreign policy and international relations , the president occupies a leadership spot that is much clearer than in the realm of domestic policy .
If changes of a few percentage points of GDP seem small to you , remember that since GDP was about $ 14.4 trillion in 2009 , a seemingly small change of 2 % of GDP is equal to close to $ 300 billion . Tax policy can affect consumption and investment spending , too .
In 1896 , the Republican Party spent about $ 16 million overall , which includes William McKinley ’s $ 6–7 million campaign expenses .
6959 .
This typically occurs when people are performing a task for which they are skilled .
Wary of not having sufficient domestic support for combat , Bush first deployed troops to the area to build up forces in the region and defend Saudi Arabia via Operation Desert Shield ( [ link ] ) .
Autotrophic organisms that convert solar energy into chemical energy are called phototrophs , and they appeared within one billion years of the formation of Earth .
Most executive agreements are not of major importance and do not spark controversy , while some , like the Iran Nuclear Agreement , generate considerable debate .
2813 .
The name “ arthropoda ” means “ jointed legs ” ( in the Greek , “ arthros ” means “ joint ” and “ podos ” means “ leg ” ) ; it aptly describes the enormous number of invertebrates included in this phylum .
This process entails the reduction of atmospheric nitrogen to ammonia , by means of the enzyme nitrogenase .
According to political scientist Barbara Sinclair , the primary trigger for the shift away from the classic legislative route was the budget reforms of the 1970s .
The sodium - potassium pump is , therefore , an electrogenic pump ( a pump that creates a charge imbalance ) , creating an electrical imbalance across the membrane and contributing to the membrane potential .
Conflict with native peoples , as well as dissatisfaction with the Dutch West India Company ’s trading practices , made the Dutch outpost an undesirable place for many migrants .
Those who developed quantum mechanics devised equations that predicted the probability distribution in various circumstances .
Gametangia ( singular , gametangium ) are structures observed on multicellular haploid gametophytes .
The force of gravity causes objects to fall toward the center of Earth .
He did n’t intend to treat people differently based on personal or cultural biases , but he did .
In this section , we take a more in - depth look at some of the techniques that are available for imaging the brain , including techniques that rely on radiation , magnetic fields , or electrical activity within the brain .
A thick fiber bundle called the corpus callosum ( Latin : “ tough body ” ) connects the two hemispheres and allows information to be passed from one side to the other .
To examine this further , consider the transverse waves in the ropes shown in [ link ] .
This strategy is often employed in unpredictable or changing environments .
Electrical energy is a common form that is converted to many other forms and does work in a wide range of practical situations .
Conversely , a monetary policy that raises interest rates and reduces borrowing in the economy is a contractionary monetary policy or tight monetary policy .
364 .
The Union army ’s inability to destroy Lee ’s army at Antietam made it clear to Lincoln that McClellan would never win the war , and the president was forced to seek a replacement .
4847 .
There are several types of wetlands including marshes , swamps , bogs , mudflats , and salt marshes ( [ link ] ) .
3694 .
The danger of using live vaccines , which are usually more effective than killed vaccines , is the low but significant danger that these viruses will revert to their disease - causing form by back mutations .
The diffusion of K+ out of the cell actually hyperpolarizes the cell , in that the membrane potential becomes more negative than the cell 's normal resting potential .
They may also be known as male - to - female ( MTF ) or female - to - male ( FTM ) .
For example , a conventional economist would say that if you lost a $ 10 bill today , and also got an extra $ 10 in your paycheck , you should feel perfectly neutral .
Since then , power has been gradually decentralized through a process of devolution , leading to the creation of regional governments in Scotland , Wales , and Northern Ireland as well as the delegation of specific responsibilities to them .
An interesting feature of these animals is their power to regenerate , even when over 75 percent of their body mass is lost .
Very creative people often have intense knowledge about something , work on it for years , look at novel solutions , seek out the advice and help of other experts , and take risks .
Mexico will be unambiguously better off .
Sorting , tagging , packaging , and distribution of lipids and proteins takes place in the Golgi apparatus ( also called the Golgi body ) , a series of flattened membranes ( [ link ] ) .
Depersonalization / derealization disorder is characterized by recurring episodes of depersonalization , derealization , or both .
4497 .
3624 .
Mood disorders ( [ link ] ) are characterized by severe disturbances in mood and emotions — most often depression , but also mania and elation ( Rothschild , 1999 ) .
Several women found employment in the emerging pink collar occupations , viewed as traditional women ’s work , including jobs as telephone operators , social workers , and secretaries .
As more vesicles fuse , the cell plate enlarges until it merges with the cell walls at the periphery of the cell .
5505 .
5027 .
During the Great Depression of the 1930s , the United States created a set of policies and programs that constituted a social safety net for the millions who had lost their jobs , their homes , and their savings ( [ link ] ) .
2810 .
2662 .
) Keynesian economics focuses on explaining why recessions and depressions occur and offering a policy prescription for minimizing their effects .
Climate does not address the amount of rain that fell on one particular day in a biome or the colder - than - average temperatures that occurred on one day .
In Crawford v. Marion County Election Board ( 2008 ) , the Supreme Court decided that Indiana ’s voter identification requirement was constitutional , although the decision left open the possibility that another case might meet the burden of proof required to overturn the law .
A sagittal plane divides the body into right and left portions .
6586 .
2093 .
Dewey believed that education , specifically observation and change through the scientific method , was the best tool by which to reform and improve American society as it continued to grow ever more complex .
7093 .
In photosynthesis , carotenoids function as photosynthetic pigments that are very efficient molecules for the disposal of excess energy .
Collectively , these essential workers are called the bureaucracy .
Live vaccines are usually made by attenuating ( weakening ) the “ wild - type ” ( disease - causing ) virus by growing it in the laboratory in tissues or at temperatures different from what the virus is accustomed to in the host .
This change produces no ill effects and , in fact , may be beneficial to the tone of the circulatory system .
Concern over a decline in the country ’s moral values welled up on both sides of the political aisle .
748 .
The Industrial Revolution refers to the widespread use of power - driven machinery and the economic and social changes that resulted in the first half of the 1800s .
Both osmosis and dialysis are used by the kidneys to cleanse the blood .
The terminal buttons contain synaptic vesicles that house neurotransmitters , the chemical messengers of the nervous system .
Lymphocytes are leukocytes that are histologically identifiable by their large , darkly staining nuclei ; they are small cells with very little cytoplasm , as shown in [ link ] .
Piaget ’s third stage is the concrete operational stage , which occurs from about 7 to 11 years old .
Osmosis is the transport of water through a semipermeable membrane from a region of high concentration to a region of low concentration .
Therefore , the lower on the spine damage is , the fewer functions an injured individual loses . The Two HemispheresThe surface of the brain , known as the cerebral cortex , is very uneven , characterized by a distinctive pattern of folds or bumps , known as gyri ( singular : gyrus ) , and grooves , known as sulci ( singular : sulcus ) , shown in [ link ] .
Defenders of a market - oriented economy respond that if people do not want to buy differentiated products or highly advertised brand names , no one is forcing them to do so .
Within the oceanic zone there is thermal stratification where warm and cold waters mix because of ocean currents .
As previously discussed , antidiuretic hormone or ADH ( also called vasopressin ) , as the name suggests , helps the body conserve water when body fluid volume , especially that of blood , is low .
2401 .
However , Villa lacked the strength in number or weapons to overtake Carranza ; in 1915 , Wilson reluctantly authorized official U.S. recognition of Carranza ’s government .
Relative species abundance is the number of individuals in a species relative to the total number of individuals in all species within a habitat , ecosystem , or biome .
6936 .
In the simple molecule butene ( C4H8 ) , the two methyl groups ( CH3 ) can be on either side of the double covalent bond central to the molecule , as illustrated in [ link ] b .
However , sustained elevated levels of cortisol weaken the immune system .
Baker pushed for a “ participatory Democracy ” that built on the grassroots campaigns of active citizens instead of deferring to the leadership of educated elites and experts .
Another key exception to the right to freedom of expression is obscenity , acts or statements that are extremely offensive under current societal standards .
4725 .
The tale of the 102 migrants who crossed the Atlantic aboard the Mayflower and their struggle for survival is a well - known narrative of the founding of the country .
One concern is that while globalization may be benefiting high - skilled , high - wage workers in the United States , it may also impose costs on low - skilled , low - wage workers .
It also includes an individual mandate , which requires everyone to have insurance coverage by 2014 or pay a penalty .
The Massachusetts Government Act had shut down the colonial government there , but resistance - minded colonists began meeting in extralegal assemblies .
If free trade meant the destruction of life itself , then even economists would convert to protectionism !
Today , I - O psychology is a diverse and deep field of research and practice , as you will learn about in the rest of this chapter .
2775 .
3242 .
Order Primates of class Mammalia includes lemurs , tarsiers , monkeys , apes , and humans .
Fungi also form symbiotic associations with cyanobacteria and green algae ( called lichens ) .
That is , this would occur if this particular selection pressure , or driving selective force , were the only one acting on the population .
An internal factor is an attribute of a person and includes personality traits and temperament .
Outbreaks of bacterial infection related to food consumption are common .
6834 .
This photon finds another atom in the metastable state and stimulates it to decay , emitting a second photon of the same wavelength and in phase with the first , and so on .
These five dimensions are known as the “ Big Five ” or the Five Factor model , and include dimensions of conscientiousness , agreeableness , neuroticism , openness , and extraversion ( [ link ] ) .
Roosevelt attempted to form a third party , known as the Progressive Party , as an alternative to the more business - minded Republicans .
The risk of an unexpectedly high level of loan defaults can be especially difficult for banks because a bank ’s liabilities , namely the deposits of its customers , can be withdrawn quickly , but many of the bank ’s assets like loans and bonds will only be repaid over years or even decades .
1813 .
Free nerve endings are the most common nerve endings in skin , and they extend into the middle of the epidermis .
2712 .
The foreign price effect points out that if prices rise in the United States while remaining fixed in other countries , then goods in the United States will be relatively more expensive compared to goods in the rest of the world .
Collectively , governors make a mark through the National Governors Association , which is a powerful lobbying force in the nation ’s capital .
It is also believed that strong emotions trigger the formation of strong memories , and weaker emotional experiences form weaker memories ; this is called arousal theory ( Christianson , 1992 ) .
The SCLC and SNCC particularly focused their attention on the city of Selma , Alabama , which had been the site of violent reactions against civil rights activities .
The lysosomes are the cell ’s “ garbage disposal . ”
The stem region between two nodes is called an internode .
When Japan ’s economy was growing vigorously in the 1960s and 1970s , its large trade surpluses were often described , especially by non - economists , as either a cause or a result of its robust economic health .
District of Columbia et al. v. Heller , 554 US 570 ( 2008 ) , p. 3 .
If the investment lost money , the investors would be compensated .
This is known as deceleration .
Conflict turned deadly on March 5 , 1770 , in a confrontation that came to be known as the Boston Massacre .
Similarly , intragenerational mobility refers to changes in a person 's social mobility over the course of his or her lifetime .
Bowlby said that two things are needed for a healthy attachment : The caregiver must be responsive to the child ’s physical , social , and emotional needs ; and the caregiver and child must engage in mutually enjoyable interactions ( Bowlby , 1969 ) ( [ link ] ) .
1369 .
As you ’ve learned , biological macromolecules are large molecules , necessary for life , that are built from smaller organic molecules .
Despite the stereotype , Boatwright and Forrest ( 2000 ) have found that both men and women prefer leaders who use a combination of expressive and instrumental leadership . In addition to these leadership functions , there are three different leadership styles .
4942 .
6774 .
Banks are a critical intermediary in what is called the payment system , which helps an economy exchange goods and services for money or other financial assets .
1791 .
4632 .
These fears mingled with existing anti - Japanese sentiment across the country and created a paranoia that washed over the West Coast like a large wave .
102 .
The beauty of a coral reef , the warm radiance of sunshine , the sting of sunburn , the X - ray revealing a broken bone , even microwave popcorn — all are brought to us by electromagnetic waves .
The spread of slavery into the West seemed inevitable , however , following the Supreme Court ’s ruling in the case Dred Scott v. Sandford , Dred Scott v. Sandford , 60 U.S. 393 ( 1857 ) .
AARP ’s primary job is to convince the government to provide more public resources and services to senior citizens , often through regulatory or redistributive politics .
To simplify the situation we assume that the body acts as if its entire mass is concentrated at one specific point called the center of mass ( CM ) , which will be further explored in Linear Momentum and Collisions .
Fuels , such as gasoline and food , carry chemical energy that can be transferred to a system through oxidation .
2798 .
3260 .
The overall body can be divided into head , body , and pygidium ( or tail ) .
In 2009 , President Obama signed the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act ( ARRA ) , which provided immediate economic - crisis management assistance such as helping local and state economies ride out the Great Recession and shoring up the country ’s banking sector .
6762 .
2591 .
Habitualization describes how “ any action that is repeated frequently becomes cast into a pattern , which can then be … performed again in the future in the same manner and with the same economical effort ” ( Berger and Luckmann 1966 ) .
The animals that display radial symmetry develop two germ layers , an inner layer ( endoderm ) and an outer layer ( ectoderm ) .
This strategy , which came to be known as the policy of containment , formed the basis for U.S. foreign policy and military decision making for more than thirty years .
Mendel ’s law of independent assortment states that genes do not influence each other with regard to the sorting of alleles into gametes , and every possible combination of alleles for every gene is equally likely to occur .
Each amino acid has the same fundamental structure , which consists of a central carbon atom , also known as the alpha ( α ) carbon , bonded to an amino group ( NH2 ) , a carboxyl group ( COOH ) , and to a hydrogen atom .
5156 .
The person may begin to take on and fulfill the role of a “ deviant ” as an act of rebellion against the society that has labeled that individual as such .
Using the work or ideas of others without proper citation is considered plagiarism .
BuddingBudding is a form of asexual reproduction that results from the outgrowth of a part of a cell or body region leading to a separation from the original organism into two individuals .
In the brain , the hypothalamus , which lies above the pituitary gland , is a main center of homeostasis .
As an analogy , consider that someone has four copies of a landscape photograph that you have never seen before and know nothing about how it should appear .
A model organism is a species that is studied as a model to understand the biological processes in other species represented by the model organism .
4171 .
4722 .
Nixon also courted northern , blue - collar workers , whom he later called the silent majority , to acknowledge their belief that their voices were seldom heard .
Bone , or osseous tissue , is a connective tissue that constitutes the endoskeleton .
5654 .
The Radio Act ( 1927 ) created the Federal Radio Commission ( FRC ) , which made the first effort to set standards , frequencies , and license stations .
Now , let ’s look at what happens with protectionism .
Transversion substitution refers to a purine being replaced by a pyrimidine , or vice versa ; for example , cytosine , a pyrimidine , is replaced by adenine , a purine .
Calcium ions entering the cell initiate a signaling cascade that causes small membrane - bound vesicles , called synaptic vesicles , containing neurotransmitter molecules to fuse with the presynaptic membrane .
A study by Caspi and others ( 2003 ) suggests that an alteration in a specific gene that regulates serotonin ( the 5-HTTLPR gene ) might be one culprit .
2574 .
The long - run process of reducing production in response to a sustained pattern of losses is called exit .
A boy who helps an elderly woman board a bus may receive a smile and a “ thank you . ” A business manager who raises profit margins may receive a quarterly bonus .
The assumption behind a demand curve or a supply curve is that no relevant economic factors , other than the product ’s price , are changing .
Vertebrates display the four characteristic features of the chordates ; however , members of this group also share derived characteristics that distinguish them from invertebrate chordates .
3511 .
6435 .
4516 .
Loudness is measured in terms of decibels ( dB ) , a logarithmic unit of sound intensity .
5873 .
Modern conservatives also prefer a smaller government that stays out of the economy , allowing the market and business to determine prices , wages , and supply .
Such collective goods are benefits — tangible or intangible — that help most or all citizens .
3544 .
The second type of patent is a design patent .
The principle of closure states that we organize our perceptions into complete objects rather than as a series of parts ( [ link ] ) .
Vascular plants have two distinct organ systems : a shoot system , and a root system .
Put another way , it means that as one variable increases so does the other , and conversely , when one variable decreases so does the other .
2287 .
The explanation is that there is a cosmological red shift due to the expansion of space itself .
Later , George Herbert Mead ( 1863 – 1931 ) studied the self , a person ’s distinct identity that is developed through social interaction .
One of the biggest problems was that the national government had no power to impose taxes .
Therapeutic applications of ionizing radiation , called radiation therapy or radiotherapy , have existed since the discovery of x - rays and nuclear radioactivity .
2286 .
A final way of reducing moral hazard , which is especially applicable to health care , is to focus on the incentives of providers of health care , rather than consumers .
Monosomic human zygotes missing any one copy of an autosome invariably fail to develop to birth because they lack essential genes .
Individually , the protestors would likely have received little notice , but by joining with others , they drew substantial attention in the media and from lawmakers ( [ link ] ) .
As an example of a profit - maximizing monopolistic competitor , consider the Authentic Chinese Pizza store , which serves pizza with cheese , sweet and sour sauce , and your choice of vegetables and meats .
In Money and Banking , we learned that banks are required to hold a minimum percentage of their deposits on hand as reserves .
Diploblasts have a non - living layer between the endoderm and ectoderm .
The wavelength of sound is not directly sensed , but indirect evidence is found in the correlation of the size of musical instruments with their pitch .
Ring structures are found in hydrocarbons , sometimes with the presence of double bonds , which can be seen by comparing the structure of cyclohexane to benzene in [ link ] .
5470 .
Also , revolving door laws also prevent lawmakers from lobbying government immediately after leaving public office .
3948 .
[ link ] shows an aggregate supply curve .
In the early months of 1774 , Parliament responded to this latest act of colonial defiance by passing a series of laws called the Coercive Acts , intended to punish Boston for leading resistance to British rule and to restore order in the colonies .
1973 .
The number of a state ’s representatives in each house was to be based on the state ’s population .
2690 .
It was the first of what became annual meetings that have continued to the present day .
2745 .
But the federal government can not enforce the CSA on its own ; it relies on the states ’ help .
Thus , a standard recommendation from financial investors is diversification , which means buying stocks or bonds from a wide range of companies .
The concept of Manifest Destiny found its roots in the long - standing traditions of territorial expansion upon which the nation itself was founded .
This law prohibited commercial banks from engaging in investment banking , therefore stopping the practice of banks speculating in the stock market with deposits .
King v. Burwell , 576 U.S. _ _ ( 2015 ) .
A manifest function of college education , for example , includes gaining knowledge , preparing for a career , and finding a good job that utilizes that education .
3430 .
Localizing sound could be considered similar to the way that we perceive depth in our visual fields .
This decelerating process produces radiation that is called bremsstrahlung ( German for braking radiation ) .
Sometimes nations share a common currency .
A free nerve ending , as its name implies , is an unencapsulated dendrite of a sensory neuron .
This drive was actually an extension of the earlier military conflict between Christians and Muslims for domination of the Holy Land ( the Biblical region of Palestine ) , known as the Crusades .
Paradigms are philosophical and theoretical frameworks used within a discipline to formulate theories , generalizations , and the experiments performed in support of them .
For an arbitrary time , not just a multiple of the half - life , the exponential relationship must be used . Radioactive dating is a clever use of naturally occurring radioactivity .
The act gave the president first - mover advantage in the budget process via the first “ executive budget . ”
6887 .
1964 .
Beginning in 1872 , he forged agreements with several large railroad companies to obtain discounted freight rates for shipping his product .
By the late 1830s , botanist Matthias Schleiden and zoologist Theodor Schwann were studying tissues and proposed the unified cell theory , which states that all living things are composed of one or more cells , the cell is the basic unit of life , and new cells arise from existing cells .
By 2014 , central banks in 28 countries , including Austria , Brazil , Canada , Israel , Korea , Mexico , New Zealand , Spain , Sweden , Thailand , and the United Kingdom faced a legal requirement to target the inflation rate .
3301 .
In contrast , dispositionism holds that our behavior is determined by internal factors ( Heider , 1958 ) .
On their reservation , the Sioux had begun to perform the “ Ghost Dance , ” which told of an Indian Messiah who would deliver the tribe from its hardship , with such frequency that white settlers began to worry that another uprising would occur .
While the sequence of physical changes in puberty is predictable , the onset and pace of puberty vary widely .
Each mRNA molecule is simultaneously translated by many ribosomes , all synthesizing protein in the same direction : reading the mRNA from 5 ' to 3 ' and synthesizing the polypeptide from the N terminus to the C terminus .
Consider the characteristics of seed color and seed texture for two pea plants , one that has green , wrinkled seeds ( yyrr ) and another that has yellow , round seeds ( YYRR ) .
4875 .
MASTERS AND JOHNSON ’S RESEARCHIn 1966 , William Masters and Virginia Johnson published a book detailing the results of their observations of nearly 700 people who agreed to participate in their study of physiological responses during sexual behavior .
232 .
Republican leaders , however , were anxious to reestablish tighter control over the party after Roosevelt ’s departure , and they left Taft little room to maneuver .
The first protein to bind to the RNA to initiate translation is the eukaryotic initiation factor-2 ( eIF-2 ) .
6089 .
The wave in [ link ] propagates in the horizontal direction while the surface is disturbed in the vertical direction .
The U.S. economy suffered one recession from December 1969 to November 1970 , a deeper recession from November 1973 to March 1975 , and then double - dip recessions from January to June 1980 and from July 1981 to November 1982 .
5463 .
The only class in the Phylum Chytridiomycota is the Chytridiomycetes .
The symptoms of this disorder were first described by Hans Hoffman in the 1920s .
A nephron consists of three parts — a renal corpuscle , a renal tubule , and the associated capillary network , which originates from the cortical radiate arteries .
The frontal lobe is located in the forward part of the brain , extending back to a fissure known as the central sulcus .
Great or explicit powers , called enumerated powers , were granted to the federal government to declare war , impose taxes , coin and regulate currency , regulate foreign and interstate commerce , raise and maintain an army and a navy , maintain a post office , make treaties with foreign nations and with Native American tribes , and make laws regulating the naturalization of immigrants .
4844 .
The Constitution consists of a preamble and seven articles .
The bodies we are dealing with tend to be large .
5052 .
An inertial frame of reference is one in which all forces are real and , equivalently , one in which Newton ’s laws have the simple forms given in this chapter . Earth ’s rotation is slow enough that Earth is nearly an inertial frame .
Since dumping is not allowed under the rules of the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) , nations that believe they are on the receiving end of dumped goods can file a complaint with the WTO .
367 .
136 .
While typically not an organized group , atheists and agnostics represent a significant portion of the population .
Literacy tests were long and detailed exams on local and national politics , history , and more .
Socialists believe government should provide everyone with expanded services and public programs , such as health care , subsidized housing and groceries , childhood education , and inexpensive college tuition .
The first law of thermodynamics applies the conservation of energy principle to systems where heat transfer and doing work are the methods of transferring energy into and out of the system .
Orthokinesis is the increased or decreased speed of movement of an organism in response to a stimulus .
By 2014 , central banks in 28 countries , including Austria , Brazil , Canada , Israel , Korea , Mexico , New Zealand , Spain , Sweden , Thailand , and the United Kingdom faced a legal requirement to target the inflation rate .
Such tactics were used successfully in the African American civil rights movement of the 1950s and 1960s and remain effective today .
In this latter type of reproduction , the gemmae — small , intact , complete pieces of plant that are produced in a cup on the surface of the thallus ( shown in [ link ] ) — are splashed out of the cup by raindrops .
Edith Windsor , the plaintiff in the landmark Supreme Court case United States v. Windsor , has become an icon of the marriage equality movement for her successful effort to force repeal the DOMA provision that denied married same - sex couples a host of federal provisions and protections .
Almost 18 percent of U.S. adults are likely to be affected in a single year , and 28 percent are likely to be affected over the course of a lifetime ( National Institute of Mental Health 2005 ) .
In other words , fecundity describes how many offspring could ideally be produced if an individual has as many offspring as possible , repeating the reproductive cycle as soon as possible after the birth of the offspring .
The colony was small , consisting of only 117 people , who suffered a poor relationship with the local Indians , the Croatans , and struggled to survive in their new land ( [ link ] ) .
Such agreements , however , because they fall in a gray area of international law , are not legally enforceable .
Shutdowns occur when Congress and the president are unable to authorize and appropriate funds before the current budget runs out .
Those economists who emphasize the role of supply in the macroeconomy often refer to the work of a famous French economist of the early nineteenth century named Jean - Baptiste Say ( 1767 – 1832 ) .
[ link ] and [ link ] show Yelberton ’s intertemporal budget constraint .
207 .
6592 .
In the long run in a perfectly competitive market , because of the process of entry and exit , the price in the market is equal to the minimum of the long - run average cost curve .
To understand why the point of intersection between the aggregate expenditure function and the 45-degree line is a macroeconomic equilibrium , consider what would happen if an economy found itself to the right of the equilibrium point E , say point H in [ link ] , where output is higher than the equilibrium .
He hoped that by augmenting the food supply and improving healthcare and education , the U.S. government could encourage developing nations to align themselves with the United States and reject Soviet or Chinese overtures .
Markets for labor have demand and supply curves , just like markets for goods .
1423 .
In 2009 , Attorney General Eric Holder said the federal government would not seek to prosecute patients using marijuana medically , citing limited resources and other priorities .
Because externalities that occur in market transactions affect other parties beyond those involved , they are sometimes called spillovers . Externalities can be negative or positive .
Anions are designated by their elemental name being altered to end in “ -ide ” : the anion of chlorine is called chloride , and the anion of sulfur is called sulfide , for example .
Hormones mediate changes in target cells by binding to specific hormone receptors .
While Freud believed that personality is shaped only in childhood , Erikson proposed that personality development takes place all through the lifespan .
1281 .
A PsyD is a doctor of psychology degree that is increasingly popular among individuals interested in pursuing careers in clinical psychology .
1166 .
Organized in 1960 , SDS held its first meeting at the University of Michigan , Ann Arbor .
4198 .
He hounded those who refused to sell out to him , until they were driven out of business .
3221 .
1982 .
1329 .
Reform movements seek to change something specific about the social structure .
3223 .
The two atria ( superior heart chambers ) receive blood from the two different circuits ( the lungs and the systems ) , and then there is some mixing of the blood in the heart ’s ventricle ( inferior heart chamber ) , which reduces the efficiency of oxygenation .
Their reasons for joining were manifold .
Economically , he saw conflict existing between the owners of the means of production — the bourgeoisie — and the laborers , called the proletariat .
In this section , we will discuss two such disorders : attention deficit/ hyperactivity disorder and autism .
In 1954 , the United States became worried that it was importing half of the wool required for military uniforms , so it declared wool and mohair to be “ strategic materials ” and began to give subsidies to wool and mohair farmers .
5161 .
Finally , in Obergefell v. Hodges , the Supreme Court overturned state bans and made same - sex marriage legal throughout the United States on June 26 , 2015 ( [ link ] ) .
In juxtamedullary nephrons , the peritubular capillary network forms a network around the loop of Henle and is called the vasa recta .
For example , phosphatases are enzymes that remove the phosphate group attached to proteins by kinases in a process called dephosphorylation .
The most intuitive and easiest wave to imagine is the familiar water wave .
If low - income countries of the world are going to experience a widespread increase in their education levels for grade - school children , government spending seems likely to play a substantial role .
This space is referred to as the synovial ( or joint ) cavity and is filled with synovial fluid .
5386 .
After the election is over , supporters experience remorse when their least - favorite candidate wins instead .
[ link ] illustrates the effects of a government program that assures a price above the equilibrium by focusing on the market for wheat in Europe .
Regulation falls into a number of categories , including reserve requirements , capital requirements , and restrictions on the types of investments banks may make .
Legal scholars and the courts have extensively debated the meaning of this privileges or immunities clause over the years ; some have argued that it was supposed to extend the entire Bill of Rights ( or at least the first eight amendments ) to the states , while others have argued that only some rights are extended .
A useful way to conceptualize stress is to view it as a process whereby an individual perceives and responds to events that he appraises as overwhelming or threatening to his well - being ( Lazarus & Folkman , 1984 ) .
Osmosis is driven by the imbalance in water concentration .
5533 .
5696 .
Today , fifteen states have imposed term limits on their state house and state senate members .
Resistors are in series whenever the flow of charge , called the current , must flow through devices sequentially .
As commodity money , gold has historically served its purpose as a medium of exchange , a store of value , and as a unit of account .
Their theory is called levels of processing .
Many of these first ten amendments were based on provisions of the English Bill of Rights and the Virginia Declaration of Rights .
Journalists found that many states , including Florida , had large numbers of phantom voters on their rolls , voters had moved or died but remained on the states ’ voter registration rolls . “’Unusable ’ Voter Rolls , ” Wall Street Journal , 7 November 2000 .
3484 .
1734 .
2457 .
The adverse selection of wage cuts argument points out that if an employer reacts to poor business conditions by reducing wages for all workers , then the best workers , those with the best employment alternatives at other firms , are the most likely to leave .
Overwhelmed by hopelessness , devastated by incapacitating feelings of worthlessness , and burdened with the inability to adequately cope with such feelings , they may consider suicide to be a reasonable way out .
Unitary elasticities indicate proportional responsiveness of either demand or supply , as summarized in [ link ] .
7015 .
The division of the basal cell gives rise to the suspensor , which eventually makes connection with the maternal tissue .
A correlation coefficient is a number from -1 to +1 that indicates the strength and direction of the relationship between variables .
1234 .
In 1934 , Congress passed the Indian Reorganization Act , which ended the division of reservation land into allotments .
As the Social Policy & Debate feature illustrates , the suburbs also have their share of socio - economic problems .
1869 .
6991 .
In classical conditioning terms , the organism demonstrates the conditioned response only to the conditioned stimulus .
Organizational psychology is the second major branch of study and practice within the discipline of industrial and organizational psychology .
In order to engage in this process of “ self , ” an individual has to be able to view him or herself through the eyes of others .
In a market economy , decision - making is decentralized .
The clavicles lie horizontally across the front of the thorax ( chest ) just above the first rib .
These members of Congress , known as Radical Republicans , wanted to remake the South and punish the rebels .
As the driving frequency gets progressively higher than the resonant or natural frequency , the amplitude of the oscillations becomes smaller , until the oscillations nearly disappear and your finger simply moves up and down with little effect on the ball .
Assimilation is the biomass ( energy content generated per unit area ) of the present trophic level after accounting for the energy lost due to incomplete ingestion of food , energy used for respiration , and energy lost as waste .
Some parents of children with autism mounted a campaign against scientists who refuted the vaccine - autism link .
The two cotyledons in the dicot seed also have vascular connections to the embryo .
The units in which they are measured are thus called fundamental units .
786 .
4753 .
The amount of money they raise against their challengers demonstrates their advantage .
From glomeruli , olfactory signals travel directly to the olfactory cortex and then to the frontal cortex and the thalamus .
6566 .
It serves as a barrier between the inner eye and the outside world , and it is involved in focusing light waves that enter the eye .
6473 .
5822 .
They tended to be among the elite members of society — wealthy and well - educated landowners , businessmen , and former military commanders who believed a strong government would be better for both national defense and economic growth .
Because the disturbances add , pure constructive interference produces a wave that has twice the amplitude of the individual waves , but has the same wavelength .
There are three branches of the U.S. criminal justice system : the police , the courts , and the corrections system .
104 .
Instead , scientific research is based on empirical evidence , which is evidence that comes from direct experience , scientifically gathered data , or experimentation .
6464 .
5617 .
3594 .
A pay schedule is a chart that shows salary ranges for different levels ( grades ) of positions vertically and for different ranks ( steps ) of seniority horizontally .
Most executive agreements are not of major importance and do not spark controversy , while some , like the Iran Nuclear Agreement , generate considerable debate .
1436 .
Alfred Radcliffe - Brown ( 1881 – 1955 ) defined the function of any recurrent activity as the part it played in social life as a whole , and therefore the contribution it makes to social stability and continuity ( Radcliffe - Brown 1952 ) .
The natural outcome of harvests of resources held in common is their overexploitation .
What the DSM-5 refers to as autism spectrum disorder today , is a direct extension of Kanner ’s work .
The measure provided for the creation of agricultural colleges , funded through federal grants , to teach the latest agricultural techniques .
2439 .
3389 .
However , when the stomach is emptied , the acidic environment need not be maintained and a hormone called somatostatin stops the release of hydrochloric acid .
Long bones are longer than they are wide and have a shaft and two ends .
3778 .
853 .
Newton ’s first law says that a net external force causes a change in motion ; thus , we see that a net external force causes acceleration .
In the early stages of industrial capitalism , federal regulations were focused for the most part on promoting market competition rather than on addressing the social dislocations resulting from market operations , something the government began to tackle in the 1930s . Eisner , The American Political Economy ; Stephen Skowronek .
But the national conventions , organized and sponsored by the national - level party , can dominate the national discussion for several weeks in late summer , a time when the major media outlets are often searching for news .
In other words , you knew all along that things would turn out the way they did .
Like the initiation of eating , satiation is also regulated by several physiological mechanisms .
The loss of Fort Sumter , in the harbor of Charleston , South Carolina , proved to be the flashpoint in the contest between the new Confederacy and the federal government .
But a monopolist can sell a larger quantity and see a decline in total revenue .
312 .
1252 .
This process is called organogenesis .
So MADD decided to redirect its lobbying efforts at Congress , hoping to find sympathetic representatives willing to take action .
Internal kinetic energy is the sum of the kinetic energies of the objects in the system .
The income effect is that a higher price means , in effect , the buying power of income has been reduced ( even though actual income has not changed ) , which leads to buying less of the good ( when the good is normal ) .
Cleavage can take place in two ways : holoblastic ( total ) cleavage or meroblastic ( partial ) cleavage .
Thurgood Marshall ( a ) , who later served on the Supreme Court , was appointed solicitor general by Lyndon Johnson and was the first African American to hold the post .
5563 .
Diffraction is a wave characteristic and occurs for all types of waves .
The SI unit for length is the meter ( abbreviated m ) ; its definition has also changed over time to become more accurate and precise .
The Civil Rights Act of 1991 provides monetary damages in cases of intentional employment discrimination .
Bernie Sanders , Hillary Clinton , and Martin O’Malley each campaigned in the hope of becoming the Democratic presidential nominee .
This move changed the way vetoes would be used in the future .
The microspores develop inside the microsporangium .
The heart of the process is shown in simplified form in [ link ] .
384 .
Since gravity is by far the weakest force , extreme conditions are needed to generate significant gravitational waves .
Thus , for hydrogen ,
5513 .
[ link ] shows a situation using the exchange rate for the U.S. dollar , measured in euros .
3598 .
“ Not worth a Continental ” soon became a shorthand term for something of no value .
This must be contrasted with the absolute poverty that is frequently found in underdeveloped countries and defined as the inability , or near - inability , to afford basic necessities such as food ( Byrns 2011).We can not even rely on unemployment statistics to provide a clear picture of total unemployment in the United States .
Progymnosperms were a transitional group of plants that superficially resembled conifers ( cone bearers ) because they produced wood from the secondary growth of the vascular tissues ; however , they still reproduced like ferns , releasing spores into the environment .
The Nemertea are colloquially known as ribbon worms .
503 .
In 1887 , the Dawes Severalty Act , another effort to assimilate Indians to white society , divided reservation lands into individual allotments .
It is one aspect of bioelectricity , or electrical effects in and created by biological systems .
4657 .
The mathematical formula for the electrostatic force is called Coulomb ’s law after the French physicist Charles Coulomb ( 1736 – 1806 ) , who performed experiments and first proposed a formula to calculate it .
A high - risk investment will have actual returns that are much higher than the expected rate of return in some months or years and much lower in other months or years .
This chapter discusses the international dimension of money , which involves conversions from one currency to another at an exchange rate .
2174 .
The varied registration and voting laws across the United States have long caused controversy .
A private company can be run by individuals , in which case it is called a sole proprietorship , or it can be run by a group , in which case it is a partnership .
Generally , you pick up on depth in these images even though the visual stimulus is 2-D .
3463 .
6194 .
The refractory period is a period of time that follows an orgasm during which an individual is incapable of experiencing another orgasm .
Many whites in the North found this deeply offensive , since they still believed in racial inequality .
Obviously , a bacterium can reproduce more rapidly and have a higher intrinsic rate of growth than a human .
Following Muhammad ’s death in 632 , Islam spread by both conversion and military conquest across the Middle East and Asia Minor to India and northern Africa , crossing the Straits of Gibraltar into Spain in the year 711 ( [ link ] ) .
964 .
One of the most widely used personality inventories is the Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory ( MMPI ) , first published in 1943 , with 504 true / false questions , and updated to the MMPI-2 in 1989 , with 567 questions .
The ideas of the French philosopher Montesquieu , who had advocated the separation of powers in government , guided Adams ’s thinking .
Newton ’s first law of motion states that a body at rest remains at rest , or , if in motion , remains in motion at a constant velocity unless acted on by a net external force .
Given the sheer number of issues already processed by the government , called the continuing agenda , and the large number of new proposals being pushed at any one time , it is typically quite difficult to move a new policy all the way through the process .
The symptoms of viral diseases result from the immune response to the virus , which attempts to control and eliminate the virus from the body , and from cell damage caused by the virus .
3033 .
6247 .
A first public policy step against discrimination in the labor market is to make it illegal .
These assemblies mark the points of later chiasmata and mediate the multistep process of crossover — or genetic recombination — between the non - sister chromatids .
686 .
Seedless non - vascular plants produce only one kind of spore and are called homosporous .
2442 .
717 .
" >
5247 .
813 .
Each leaf typically has a leaf blade called the lamina , which is also the widest part of the leaf .
5660 .
They often found they were hindered in their efforts , however , either by the law or by widely held beliefs that they were weak , silly creatures who should leave important issues to men . Keyssar , 174 .
With avoidant attachment , the child is unresponsive to the parent , does not use the parent as a secure base , and does not care if the parent leaves .
6026 .
Long - term memory ( LTM ) is the continuous storage of information .
Ted Cruz of Texas Heading to New Hampshire , ” San Jose Mercury News , 13 July 2013 .
In fact , a recent Oxfam ( 2014 ) report that suggested the richest eighty - five people in the world are worth more than the poorest 3.5 billion combined .
2297 .
Developmental psychologists are interested in how infants reach this milestone .
In the words of the eighteenth - century British philosopher Edmund Burke , who championed the trustee model of representation , “ Parliament is not a congress of ambassadors from different and hostile interests .
To avoid this problem , which would overstate the size of the economy considerably , government statisticians count just the value of final goods and services in the chain of production that are sold for consumption , investment , government , and trade purposes .
5531 .
2520 .
716 .
Even though there are similarities between lysogeny and latency , the term lysogenic cycle is usually reserved to describe bacteriophages .
In this most notorious example of Gilded Age corruption , several congressmen accepted cash and stock bribes in return for appropriating inflated federal funds for the construction of the transcontinental railroad .
The Supreme Court exercises discretion in the cases it chooses to hear , but four of the nine Justices must vote to accept a case .
Although Goldwater lost the 1964 election , his vigorous rejection of New Deal state and social legislation , along with his support of states ’ rights , proved popular in the Deep South , which had resisted federal efforts at racial integration .
Sexism is prejudice and discrimination toward individuals based on their sex .
Matched pairs of chromosomes in a diploid organism are called homologous ( “ same knowledge ” ) chromosomes .
United States v. Darby Lumber , 312 U.S. 100 ( 1941 ) .
887 .
DNA from the Ti plasmid integrates into the infected plant cell ’s genome .
Division is not complete until the cell components have been apportioned and completely separated into the two daughter cells .
A prejudice is not based on experience ; instead , it is a prejudgment , originating outside actual experience .
Deafness is the partial or complete inability to hear .
Individuals suffering from anorexia nervosa often have a distorted body image , referenced in literature as a type of body dysmorphia , meaning that they view themselves as overweight even though they are not .
Not all efforts to enact desegregation required the use of the courts , however .
In eastern North America , some native peoples interpreted death from disease as a hostile act .
size 12 { 1 " Bq " = " 1 decay / s " } { }
Known as libertarians , these individuals believe government almost always operates less efficiently than the private sector ( the segment of the economy run for profit and not under government control ) , and that government actions should therefore be kept to a minimum .
An especially lengthy and deep recession is called a depression .
Another proposal , the New Jersey Plan , called for a unicameral legislature with one house , in which each state would have one vote .
6935 .
When he offered to supply summaries of the conversations , Cox refused .
1273 .
Perhaps the most famous of the tools of disenfranchisement were literacy tests and understanding tests .
It contains specialized cells and a matrix of mineral salts and collagen fibers .
3164 .
6722 .
The rising curve shows the conditioned response quickly getting stronger through the repeated pairing of the conditioned stimulus and the unconditioned stimulus ( acquisition ) .
5548 .
Faraday was aware of the direction , but Lenz stated it so clearly that he is credited for its discovery .
Sharks , together with most fishes and aquatic and larval amphibians , also have a sense organ called the lateral line , which is used to detect movement and vibration in the surrounding water , and is often considered homologous to “ hearing ” in terrestrial vertebrates .
5263 .
Caste systems are closed stratification systems in which people can do little or nothing to change their social standing .
5360 .
For the other six characteristics Mendel examined , the F1 and F2 generations behaved in the same way as they had for flower color .
3188 .
4645 .
Conversely , when there is a great discrepancy between our ideal and actual selves , we experience a state Rogers called incongruence , which can lead to maladjustment .
Banks pay an insurance premium to the FDIC .
The Ku Klux Klan is an example of a racist organization ; its members ' belief in white supremacy has encouraged over a century of hate crime and hate speech .
The primary structure of a purine is two carbon - nitrogen rings .
6192 .
1533 .
As cogently described in his statement , our reaction to potential stressors depends to a large extent on how much control we feel we have over such things .
Collectively , these discriminatory laws came to be known as Jim Crow laws .
Anthropoids include monkeys , apes , and humans .
5853 .
It applies well to oligopoly .
2847 .
According to the law of demand , a higher rate of return ( that is , a higher price ) will decrease the quantity demanded .
3482 .
This is true for the addition of ordinary numbers as well — you get the same result whether you add 2 + 3 2 + 3 size 12 { " 2 + 3 " } { }
In the United States , representatives are elected at local and state levels , and the votes of the Electoral College determine who will hold the office of president .
6158 .
30 .
It was the dominant therapeutic technique in the early 20th century , but it has since waned significantly in popularity .
The other mechanism uses a group of integral proteins called GLUT proteins , also known as glucose transporter proteins .
481 .
The many substances for which Ohm ’s law holds are called ohmic .
J. R. Stroop discovered a memory phenomenon in the 1930s : you will name a color more easily if it appears printed in that color , which is called the Stroop effect .
6065 .
4649 .
4840 .
Perfectly Inelastic Collision
This was an important acknowledgment that the protected rights were extensive , and the government should not attempt to interfere with them .
Ultimately , Cruz bowed out of the race when Donald Trump effectively clinched the Republican nomination in Indiana in early May 2016 .
A democracy is a government in which political power — influence over institutions , leaders , and policies — rests in the hands of the people .
Additionally , neopluralist scholars argue that certainly some interests are in a privileged position , but these interests do not always get what they want .
The embryonic axis terminates in a radicle ( the embryonic root ) , which is the region from which the root will develop .
2589 .
Adolescence is the period of development that begins at puberty and ends at emerging adulthood , which is discussed later .
Microglia scavenge and degrade dead cells and protect the brain from invading microorganisms .
They create a smooth , aerodynamic surface so that air moves smoothly over the bird ’s body , allowing for efficient flight .
Heat energy ( the total bond energy of reactants or products in a chemical reaction ) speeds up the motion of molecules , increasing the frequency and force with which they collide ; it also moves atoms and bonds within the molecule slightly , helping them reach their transition state .
4945 .
This theory states that when humans are prevented from achieving an important goal , they become frustrated and aggressive .
Thomas ’s notable Thomas theorem which states , “ If men define situations as real , they are real in their consequences ” ( Thomas and Thomas 1928 ) .
This set - point is genetically predetermined and efforts to move our weight significantly from the set - point are resisted by compensatory changes in energy intake and/or expenditure ( Speakman et al . , 2011 ) .
Today , the debate about interest groups often revolves around whether the First Amendment protects the rights of individuals and groups to give money , and whether government can regulate the use of this money .
4206 .
The latter is the case .
A significant decline in real GDP is called a recession .
The central route is logic driven and uses data and facts to convince people of an argument ’s worthiness .
All government spending and taxes affect the economy , but fiscal policy focuses strictly on the policies of the federal government .
In the last century , the United States has seen a steady rise in its standard of living , the level of wealth available to a certain socioeconomic class in order to acquire the material necessities and comforts to maintain its lifestyle .
Note that when many alleles exist for the same gene , the convention is to denote the most common phenotype or genotype among wild animals as the wild type ( often abbreviated “ + ” ) ; this is considered the standard or norm .
Some of these may be in the visible range , such as for the scorpion in [ link ] .
The consulate had been bombed by militants , leading to the death of an ambassador and a senior service officer .
This graph of time versus position is called a Feynman diagram , after the brilliant American physicist Richard Feynman ( 1918 – 1988 ) who developed it .
College and graduate schools are viewed as vehicles for moving students closer to the careers that will give them the financial freedom and security they seek .
448 .
In bottom - up implementation , the federal government allows local areas some flexibility to meet their specific challenges and needs .
2909 .
A lobbying group that frequently takes on advocacy roles is AARP ( formerly the American Association of Retired Persons ) ( [ link ] ) .
These unused structures without function are called vestigial structures .
Historically , we can see that genocide has included both the intent to exterminate a group and the function of exterminating of a group , intentional or not .
3030 .
2710 .
Social gerontology refers to a specialized field of gerontology that examines the social ( and sociological ) aspects of aging .
5217 .
The middle layer is the web - like arachnoid mater .
But for both the government and the market economy in the short term , increases in production of one good typically mean offsetting decreases somewhere else in the economy .
5357 .
Baumrind developed and refined a theory describing four parenting styles : authoritative , authoritarian , permissive , and uninvolved .
5458 .
3099 .
One sizable group of people has often received a large share of their income in a form that does not increase over time : retirees who receive a private company pension .
Across these three domains — physical , cognitive , and psychosocial — the normative approach to development is also discussed .
“ Voter Turnout , ” http://www.electproject.org/home/voter-turnout/voter-turnout-data ( March 14 , 2016 ) .
When tryptophan is present in the cell , two tryptophan molecules bind to the trp repressor , which changes shape to bind to the trp operator .
Another approach to measuring industry concentration that can distinguish between these two cases is called the Herfindahl - Hirschman Index ( HHI ) .
2940 .
According to the trichromatic theory of color vision , shown in [ link ] , all colors in the spectrum can be produced by combining red , green , and blue .
Before the late 1990s , the United Kingdom ’s unitary system was centralized to the extent that the national government held the most important levers of power .
Plants may be barcoded using a combination of chloroplast genes . 1 .
Her immediate successors returned to the less visible role held by her predecessors , although in the early 1960s , Jacqueline Kennedy gained attention for her efforts to refurbish the White House along historical lines , and Lady Bird Johnson in the mid- and late 1960s endorsed an effort to beautify public spaces and highways in the United States .
Another idea that Marx developed is the concept of false consciousness .
Under the mayor - council system voters elect both a mayor and members of the city council .
5719 .
3160 .
In Pavlov ’s experiments , the dogs salivated each time meat powder was presented to them .
The second crucial cells in sponges are called amoebocytes ( or archaeocytes ) , named for the fact that they move throughout the mesohyl in an amoeba - like fashion .
Groupthink is the modification of the opinions of members of a group to align with what they believe is the group consensus ( Janis , 1972 ) .
This equation is called Poiseuille ’s law for resistance after the French scientist J. L. Poiseuille ( 1799 – 1869 ) , who derived it in an attempt to understand the flow of blood , an often turbulent fluid .
Fossil fuels are considered a non - renewable resource because their use far exceeds their rate of formation .
They are not permitted the liberty of employing their own reason and judgment while acting as representatives in Congress .
The court , however , upheld the authority of the police to ascertain the immigration status of someone suspected of being an undocumented alien if the person had been stopped or arrested by the police for other reasons .
Short - term memory ( STM ) is a temporary storage system that processes incoming sensory memory ; sometimes it is called working memory .
Another important visual route is a pathway from the retina to the superior colliculus in the midbrain , where eye movements are coordinated and integrated with auditory information .
A health maintenance organization ( HMO ) provides healthcare that receives a fixed amount per person enrolled in the plan — regardless of how many services are provided .
Loans and future agreements are stated in monetary terms and the standard of deferred payment is what allows us to buy goods and services today and pay in the future .
266 .
4228 .
A free - body diagram is a drawing of all external forces acting on a body .
For example , the capsule found in some species enables the organism to attach to surfaces , protects it from dehydration and attack by phagocytic cells , and makes pathogens more resistant to our immune responses .
The program provides academic - centered preschool to students of low socioeconomic status .
In contrast , heterosporous plants produce two morphologically different types of spores .
6116 .
After all , if the government is spending taxpayer dollars to subsidize public education , society should expect some kind of return on that spending .
This means the rocket exerts a large backward force on the gas in the rocket combustion chamber , and the gas therefore exerts a large reaction force forward on the rocket .
Corporate giants like IBM , AT&T , Ford , General Electric , Microsoft , Merck , and Exxon all have millions of shares of stock .
2669 .
In short , letting the natural cycle fluctuate is not a gamble most governments are willing to take .
2994 .
When two variables are correlated , it simply means that as one variable changes , so does the other .
Although Roosevelt emerged from the assassination attempt unscathed , Zangara wounded five individuals that day , including Chicago Mayor Tony Cermak , who attended the speech in the hopes of resolving any long - standing differences with the president - elect .
The expiratory reserve volume ( ERV ) is the additional amount of air that can be exhaled after a normal exhalation .
There are two types of sclerenchyma cells : fibers and sclereids .
2008 .
Because the District of Columbia is not a state , this decision immediately applied the right only to the federal government and territorial governments .
A nucleus that spontaneously destroys part of its mass to emit radiation is said to decay ( a term also used to describe the emission of radiation by atoms in excited states ) .
3124 .
1458 .
Economists have focused their explanations for the increasing inequality on two factors that changed more or less continually from the 1970s into the 2000s .
3368 .
3372 .
410 .
As a research method , a survey collects data from subjects who respond to a series of questions about behaviors and opinions , often in the form of a questionnaire .
Rachman ( 1977 ) proposed that phobias can be acquired through three major learning pathways .
5011 .
Continuous development views development as a cumulative process , gradually improving on existing skills ( [ link ] ) .
1034 .
If magnetic monopoles did exist , then we would have to modify this underlying connection that all magnetism is due to electrical current .
Often , psychologists develop surveys as a means of gathering data .
To get the magnitude of the resultant , measure its length with a ruler .
Umami is our fifth taste .
Yet the string of trade deficits did not hold back the economy at all ; instead , the trade deficits contributed to the strong economic growth that gave the U.S. economy the highest per capita GDP in the world by around 1900 .
5218 .
Multiple treatment options for pain relief range from relaxation therapy to the use of analgesic medications to deep brain stimulation .
1382 .
In contrast to subcultures , which operate relatively smoothly within the larger society , countercultures might actively defy larger society by developing their own set of rules and norms to live by , sometimes even creating communities that operate outside of greater society .
1471 .
652 .
Old World monkeys are called Catarrhini — a reference to their narrow noses .
For example , we define distance and time by specifying methods for measuring them , whereas we define average speed by stating that it is calculated as distance traveled divided by time of travel .
There are two laws that govern how light changes direction when it interacts with matter .
One proposed group of WIMPs would have masses several orders of magnitude greater than nucleons and are sometimes called neutralinos .
4281 .
720 .
In this case , the inhibitor is a protein called Iκ - B , which binds to the regulatory protein NF - κB .
Manifest content is the actual content , or storyline , of a dream .
5073 .
This reduces it to N / 1024 N / 1024 size 12 { { N } slash { " 1024 " } } { } .
When their exchange rates depreciated , the banking systems in these countries were bankrupt .
In research , independent variables are the cause of the change .
In passive transport , substances move from an area of higher concentration to an area of lower concentration .
It was an interesting circumstance at the time , particularly because Jefferson and the man who would decide the case — John Marshall — were themselves political rivals .
As part of this process , the Republican Party pushed for a permanent end to slavery .
2434 .
Peripheral proteins , along with integral proteins , may serve as enzymes , as structural attachments for the fibers of the cytoskeleton , or as part of the cell ’s recognition sites .
GDP increased by an average rate of 2.7 % per year in the 1990s and 2.3 % per year from 2000 to 2008 in the high - income countries of the world , which include the United States , Canada , the countries of the European Union , Japan , Australia , and New Zealand .
This guarantee protects states ’ reserved powers to regulate such things as marriage , divorce , and intrastate transportation and commerce , and to pass laws affecting education and public health and safety .
Critics of the judiciary often deride activist courts for involving themselves too heavily in matters they believe are better left to the elected legislative and executive branches .
4597 .
5228 .
For Weber , the culmination of industrialization , rationalization , and the like results in what he referred to as the iron cage , in which the individual is trapped by institutions and bureaucracy .
4120 .
The question each country or company should be asking when it trades is this : “ What do we give up to produce this good ? ”
5575 .
513 .
Group IV viruses have ssRNA as their genome with a positive polarity .
Phylum Monilophyta : Class Psilotopsida ( Ferns)With their large fronds , ferns are the most readily recognizable seedless vascular plants .
The number of neutrons is variable , resulting in isotopes , which are different forms of the same atom that vary only in the number of neutrons they possess .
5862 .
2097 .
When possible , they adhered to traditional ways , following spiritual leaders such as Vodun priests .
There are three different ways that a brain can be sectioned in order to view internal structures : a sagittal section cuts the brain left to right , as shown in [ link ] b , a coronal section cuts the brain front to back , as shown in [ link ] a , and a horizontal section cuts the brain top to bottom . Cerebral CortexThe outermost part of the brain is a thick piece of nervous system tissue called the cerebral cortex , which is folded into hills called gyri ( singular : gyrus ) and valleys called sulci ( singular : sulcus ) .
Institutional racism refers to the way in which racism is embedded in the fabric of society .
Pepsin is secreted by the chief cells in the stomach in an inactive form called pepsinogen .
During puberty in both males and females , the hypothalamus produces gonadotropin - releasing hormone ( GnRH ) , which stimulates the production and release of follicle - stimulating hormone ( FSH ) and luteinizing hormone ( LH ) from the anterior pituitary gland .
Thus , the budget constraint framework assumes that sunk costs , which are costs that were incurred in the past and can not be recovered , should not affect the current decision .
Americanization provided the answer .
566 .
5050 .
The uterine smooth muscles are not very sensitive to oxytocin until late in pregnancy when the number of oxytocin receptors in the uterus peaks .
Police are a civil force in charge of enforcing laws and public order at a federal , state , or community level .
New technology introduced gasoline - powered farm tools such as tractors , seed drills , threshers , and combine harvesters .
One of the basic principles of free - market economics is that for just about any good that can be privatized , the most efficient means for exchange is the marketplace .
Not only does this allow for higher magnification and , thus , more detail ( [ link ] ) , it also provides higher resolving power .
1192 .
The photoreceptive cells of the eye , where transduction of light to nervous impulses occurs , are located in the retina ( shown in [ link ] ) on the inner surface of the back of the eye .
2770 .
Britain ’s Queen Elizabeth , for instance , occupies a position that she inherited based on the traditional rules of succession for the monarchy .
3943 .
2872 .
Male GametophyteA male cone has a central axis on which bracts , a type of modified leaf , are attached .
That is , as long as there ’s a reason for treating some people differently that is “ rationally related to a legitimate government interest , ” the discriminatory act or law or policy is acceptable .
An arrow used to represent a vector has a length proportional to the vector ’s magnitude ( e.g. , the larger the magnitude , the longer the length of the vector ) and points in the same direction as the vector . Some physical quantities , like distance , either have no direction or none is specified .
5932 .
Each pollen grain has two coverings : the exine ( thicker , outer layer ) and the intine ( [ link ] ) .
This happened to Mexico in 1995 when their GDP fell 8.1 % .
Drug withdrawal includes a variety of negative symptoms experienced when drug use is discontinued .
In order to trade with Europeans for these , native peoples intensified their harvesting of beaver , commercializing their traditional practice .
The Affordable Care Act , which increased government involvement in health care , has drawn similar controversy .
The Timucua suffered greatly from diseases introduced by the Spanish , shrinking from a population of around 200,000 pre - contact to fifty thousand in 1590 .
Authorized in the 1974 Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act , the CBO was formally created in 1975 as a way of increasing Congress ’s independence from the executive branch .
1845 .
An axon is a tube - like structure that propagates the integrated signal to specialized endings called axon terminals .
A broader definition of money , M2 includes everything in M1 but also adds other types of deposits .
It is possible to get a majority of the atoms into the metastable state , a condition called a population inversion .
Recall that the specific interest rate the Fed targets is the federal funds rate .
When we test the same group of individuals repeatedly over an extended period of time , we are conducting longitudinal research .
1390 .
4607 .
Indeed , CORE ’s actions were in keeping with the goals of the Double V campaign that was begun in 1942 by the Pittsburgh Courier , the largest African American newspaper at the time ( [ link ] ) .
On September 17 , 1787 , the delegates to the Constitutional Convention in Philadelphia voted to approve the document they had drafted over the course of many months .
Interest groups in particular can become heavily involved in trying to influence the judiciary by filing amicus briefs — both before and after a case has been granted cert .
In the gametangia , precursor cells give rise to gametes by mitosis .
As long as the firm is earning positive economic profits , new competitors will continue to enter the market , reducing the original firm ’s demand and marginal revenue curves .
Mycotoxicosis is the poisoning of humans ( and other animals ) by foods contaminated by fungal toxins ( mycotoxins ) .
6011 .
Interest groups and organizations represent both private and public interests in the United States .
Missouri and Maine ( which had been part of Massachusetts ) would enter the Union at the same time , Maine as a free state , Missouri as a slave state .
He was arrested , charged with “ desecration of a venerated object ” ( among other offenses ) , and eventually convicted of that offense .
As his state ’s spokesperson , Abbott promoted Texas ’s friendly corporate tax structure and investment in transportation and education funding in hopes of enticing GE to relocate there and bring economic opportunities with it .
Scientists theorized that amino acids were encoded by nucleotide triplets and that the genetic code was degenerate .
One policy category , known as distributive policy , tends to collect payments or resources from many but concentrates direct benefits on relatively few .
This is called the Hawthorne effect — where people change their behavior because they know they are being watched as part of a study .
When the phage DNA is incorporated into the host cell genome , it is called a prophage .
Scientists are continually trying to expand this body of knowledge and to perfect the expression of the laws that describe it .
In the absence of government intervention , the price would adjust so that the quantity supplied would equal the quantity demanded at the equilibrium point E0 , with price P0 and quantity Q0 .
The temporal lobe is located at the base of the brain by your ears and is primarily involved in processing and interpreting sounds .
This is true whenever the reflecting surfaces are perpendicular , and it is independent of the angle of incidence .
3912 .
A transverse plane ( or , horizontal plane ) divides the animal into upper and lower portions .
Tagma may be in the form of a head , thorax , and abdomen , or a cephalothorax and abdomen , or a head and trunk .
2552 .
The region that a particular transcription factor binds to is called the transcription factor binding site .
You could also enhance memory by using elaborative rehearsal : a technique in which you think about the meaning of the new information and its relation to knowledge already stored in your memory ( Tigner , 1999 ) .
Often , the resulting number contains a fraction .
After the New Deal , it provided old - age pensions ( Social Security ) , unemployment insurance , agricultural subsidies , protections for organizing in the workplace , and a variety of other public services created during Roosevelt ’s administration .
2440 .
Conservative billionaires Charles and David Koch have become increasingly active in U.S. elections in recent years .
1012 .
Herbert Hoover became president at a time of ongoing prosperity in the country .
Most plants produce secondary plant compounds , which are toxins used to protect the plant from insects and other animals that eat them , but some of which also work as medication .
Erikson ’s psychosocial development theory emphasizes the social nature of our development rather than its sexual nature .
A rise in price of a good or service almost always decreases the quantity demanded of that good or service .
The genes that code for the positive cell cycle regulators are called proto - oncogenes .
The political pressure to pass a prescription drug benefit for Medicare was apparently quite high , while the political pressure to assist the 40 million with no health insurance at all was considerably lower .
In the United States , polygamy is considered by most to be socially unacceptable and it is illegal .
2475 .
Georg Simmel ( 1858 – 1915 ) wrote extensively about the difference between a dyad , or two - member group , and a triad , which is a three - member group ( Simmel 1902 ) .
An open seat is one whose incumbent is not running for reelection .
The ribs are 12 pairs of long , curved bones that attach to the thoracic vertebrae and curve toward the front of the body , forming the ribcage .
836 .
4670 .
The inertia of an object is measured by its mass .
These energies are on the order of those between outer electron shells in atoms and molecules .
1647 .
5044 .
Conformational changes of the extracellular domain upon ligand binding can propagate through the membrane region of the receptor and lead to activation of the intracellular domain or its associated proteins .
3210 .
At the beginning of the study , these men completed a questionnaire assessing how they react to pressure ; some indicated that they respond with high levels of anger , whereas others indicated that they respond with less anger .
Like plant cells , photosynthetic protists also have chloroplasts .
In addition to dealing with rancor over rotation in office , the Jackson administration became embroiled in a personal scandal known as the Petticoat affair .
Many people borrow money to buy homes .
5270 .
2986 .
A teratogen is any environmental agent — biological , chemical , or physical — that causes damage to the developing embryo or fetus .
3709 .
Most fungal hyphae are divided into separate cells by endwalls called septa ( singular , septum ) ( [ link ] a , c ) .
The fovea has a high density of cones .
The word pons literally means “ bridge , ” and as the name suggests , the pons serves to connect the brain and spinal cord .
Economists call this assumption ceteris paribus , a Latin phrase meaning “ other things being equal . ”
Researchers have expressed concern about the way this latter source of MRSA targets a much younger population than those residing in care facilities .
Finally , laws were passed to promote urban renewal , public housing development , and affordable housing .
The pollen sticks to the bees ’ fuzzy hair , and when the bee visits another flower , some of the pollen is transferred to the second flower .
External forces are any outside forces that act on a body .
Ingenious machines — the steam engine , the power loom , and the steam locomotive — performed tasks that otherwise would have taken vast numbers of workers to do .
In the United States , at a price of 16 cents , the farmers produce a quantity of 72 tons and consumers demand a quantity of 87 tons . 5222 .
Similar to T cells , naïve B cells initially are coated in thousands of B cell receptors ( BCRs ) , which are membrane - bound forms of Ig ( immunoglobulin , or an antibody ) .
6919 .
2405 .
These tubes are based on the photoelectric effect , which is multiplied in stages into a cascade of electrons , hence the name photomultiplier .
When prokaryotes grow in nature , they obtain their nutrients from the environment .
The electoral contest in 1856 took place in a transformed political landscape .
Glucose can then be utilized as energy by muscle cells and released into circulation by the liver cells .
( Note that we already have this for photons , from the equation p = h / λ p = h / λ size 12 { p = h / λ } { } . )
This combination of technology , human capital , and physical capital , combined with the incentives of a market - oriented economic context , proved an extremely powerful stimulant to growth .
Reflexes are a motor or neural reaction to a specific stimulus in the environment .
After all , high - income countries have historically been the primary contributors to greenhouse warming by burning fossil fuels — and still are today .
Cnidarian cells exchange oxygen and carbon dioxide by diffusion between cells in the epidermis with water in the environment , and between cells in the gastrodermis with water in the gastrovascular cavity .
In other words , the word “ red ” will be named more quickly , regardless of the color the word appears in , than any word that is colored red .
According to John Locke , an English political philosopher of the seventeenth century , all people have natural rights to life , liberty , and property .
In addition to protecting the personal freedoms of individuals , the Bill of Rights protects those suspected or accused of crimes from various forms of unfair or unjust treatment .
Some viral capsids are simple polyhedral “ spheres , ” whereas others are quite complex in structure . In general , the shapes of viruses are classified into four groups : filamentous , isometric ( or icosahedral ) , enveloped , and head and tail .
The synaptonemal complex supports the exchange of chromosomal segments between non - sister homologous chromatids , a process called crossing over .
Although still functional , these are considered false coeloms , and those animals are called pseudocoelomates .
Many living membranes move water and other substances by active transport .
An empresario was someone who brought settlers to the region in exchange for generous grants of land .
Instead , prices and wages are “ sticky , ” making it difficult to restore the economy to full employment and potential GDP .
The mitochondria - first hypothesis proposes that mitochondria were first established in a prokaryotic host ( [ link ] b ) , which subsequently acquired a nucleus , by fusion or other mechanisms , to become the first eukaryotic cell .
The theory also connects this change of a population over time , called microevolution , with the processes that gave rise to new species and higher taxonomic groups with widely divergent characters , called macroevolution .
Retroactive interference happens when information learned more recently hinders the recall of older information .
5141 .
Once this happens , the object continues to fall at constant speed ( the terminal speed ) .
213 .
With the arrival of the Progressive Era , the media began muckraking : the writing and publishing of news coverage that exposed corrupt business and government practices .
1847 .
So what then is the appropriate competition policy for a natural monopoly ?
After the chromosomes have cleared the midpoint of the elongated cell , cytoplasmic separation begins .
However , Marshall also found that Congress ’s Judicial Act of 1789 , which would have given the Supreme Court the power to grant Marbury remedy , was unconstitutional because the Constitution did not allow for cases like Marbury ’s to come directly before the Supreme Court .
One of the best - known party realignments occurred when Democrats moved to include African Americans and other minorities into their national coalition during the Great Depression .
The issue of what to do with the western territories added to the republic by the Mexican Cession consumed Congress in 1850 .
2019 .
Primary sexual characteristics are organs specifically needed for reproduction , like the uterus and ovaries in females and testes in males .
Article IV , Section 1 , referred to as the full faith and credit clause or the comity clause , requires the states to accept court decisions , public acts , and contracts of other states .
Then , a higher price makes farmers more likely to supply the good , so the supply curve shifts right , as shown by the shift from S1 to S2 , on the diagram ( shown as Shift 2 ) , so that the equilibrium now moves from E1 to E2 .
39 .
3045 .
The right atrium receives deoxygenated blood from the superior vena cava , which drains blood from the jugular vein that comes from the brain and from the veins that come from the arms , as well as from the inferior vena cava which drains blood from the veins that come from the lower organs and the legs .
313 .
Others , like Mississippi senator Jefferson Davis , put forward a more moderate approach by demanding constitutional protection of slavery .
Pam Fessler , “ Study : 1.8 Million Dead People Still Registered to Vote , ” National Public Radio , 14 February 2013 ; “ Report : Inaccurate , Costly , an Inefficient , ” The Pew Charitable Trusts , February 14 , 2012 .
These subprime loans were typically sold and turned into financial securities — but with a twist .
In this system , carbon dioxide diffuses into the red blood cells .
Thus , the government can not promote , say , Islamic beliefs over Sikh beliefs or belief in God over atheism or agnosticism ( [ link ] ) .
While Washington , Adams , and Jefferson led the way in waging undeclared wars , it was President James K. Polk who truly set the stage for the broad growth of this authority .
The cortex is made up of two hemispheres — right and left — which are separated by a large sulcus .
Hence , there potentially may be a loophole in which broadcasters can give free time to just one candidate ’s supporters .
A negative slope means that two variables are negatively related ; that is , when x increases , y decreases , or when x decreases , y increases .
2481 .
2064 .
429 .
The quantities that might differ between them are volume and density .
3089 .
If Firms A and B both agree to hold down output , they are acting together as a monopoly and will each earn $ 1,000 in profits .
2579 .
Plants may be barcoded using a combination of chloroplast genes . 1 .
3288 .
For example , the DCT ascending limb of the loop of Henle has masses of cells called macula densa , which are in contact with cells of the afferent arterioles called juxtaglomerular cells .
The good genes hypothesis states that males develop these impressive ornaments to show off their efficient metabolism or their ability to fight disease .
6479 .
Spending on national defense is a good example of a public good .
The public role of the first lady reach a new level with Hillary Clinton in the 1990s when her husband put her in charge of his efforts to achieve health care reform , a controversial decision that did not meet with political success .
In 1996 , The Defense of Marriage Act ( DOMA ) was passed , explicitly limiting the definition of “ marriage ” to a union between one man and one woman .
These are granted for the invention or discovery of any new and useful process , product , or machine , or for a significant improvement to existing technologies .
Thus , every employer who wants to hire a nurse at this equilibrium wage can find a willing worker , and every nurse who wants to work at this equilibrium salary can find a job .
Sociologist William Sumner ( 1840 – 1910 ) developed the concepts of in - group and out - group to explain this phenomenon ( Sumner 1906 ) .
As such , it is generally considered to be a more applied area within psychology ; however , some clinicians are also actively engaged in scientific research .
Break - even has nearly been reached and gives hope that ignition and commercial plants may become a reality in a few decades . Two techniques have shown considerable promise .
Formal powers are powers the governor may exercise that are specifically outlined in state constitutions or state law .
Examples would include a couple who cohabitate before marriage or soon - to - be parents who read infant care books and prepare their home for the new arrival .
2105 .
Transactional leaders maintain the status quo : They are managers .
2320 .
How can we , as citizens , identify them as they emerge and distinguish genuine claims of discrimination from claims by those who have merely been unable to convince a majority to agree with their viewpoints ?
6496 .
At lower temperatures , the curves begin to look less like hyperbolas — the gas is not behaving ideally and may even contain liquid .
The compound is said to be tagged .
This is called protostomy or “ first mouth . ”
514 .
People with these disorders usually are impulsive , overly dramatic , highly emotional , and erratic .
An articulation is any place at which two bones are joined .
4094 .
317 .
157 .
Rather than explaining how personality arises , research is focused on identifying personality traits , measuring these traits , and determining how these traits interact in a particular context to determine how a person will behave in any given situation .
1226 .
Cells of the immune system can travel between the distinct lymphatic and blood circulatory systems , which are separated by interstitial space , by a process called extravasation ( passing through to surrounding tissue ) .
Today , modern liberalism focuses on equality and supports government intervention in society and the economy if it promotes equality .
Studying sexual attitudes and practices is a particularly interesting field of sociology because sexual behavior is a cultural universal .
It is a common misconception that rockets propel themselves by pushing on the ground or on the air behind them .
The only difference is that in mRNA , all of the T nucleotides are replaced with U nucleotides .
An intuitive notion of external is correct — an external force acts from outside the system of interest .
14 .
5922 .
597 .
7074 .
decided in 1857 .
Attractive forces between molecules of the same type are called cohesive forces .
The following cities were the primary destinations for these African Americans : New York , Chicago , Philadelphia , St. Louis , Detroit , Pittsburgh , Cleveland , and Indianapolis . 2418 .
Since their appointments , both justices have made rulings consistent with a more liberal ideology .
7034 .
2953 .
Using GDP per capita also makes it easier to compare countries with smaller numbers of people , like Belgium , Uruguay , or Zimbabwe , with countries that have larger populations , like the United States , the Russian Federation , or Nigeria .
An epidemic is a disease that occurs in an unusually high number of individuals in a population at the same time .
3702 .
Water also attracts or is attracted to other polar molecules and ions .
Not all spending on educational human capital needs to happen through the government : many college students in the United States pay a substantial share of the cost of their education .
4916 .
Awareness of internal stimuli includes feeling pain , hunger , thirst , sleepiness , and being aware of our thoughts and emotions .
1308 .
1434 .
The number and size of chaetae are greatly diminished in Oligochaeta compared to the polychaetes ( poly = many , chaetae = hairs ) .
6281 .
( Graph courtesy of Econ Proph blog and the U.S. Census Bureau )
680 .
As moviemakers flocked to southern California , not least because of its favorable climate and predictable sunshine , Hollywood swelled with moviemaking activity .
For example , let us say that you are measuring the length of standard computer paper .
Since the 1960s , however , the Supreme Court has issued a series of rulings limiting the warrant requirement in situations where a person can be said to lack a “ reasonable expectation of privacy ” outside the home .
In this case , you ’re so focused on the amount of money you are willing to spend that you may not recognize what kinds of houses are available at that price point . The confirmation bias is the tendency to focus on information that confirms your existing beliefs .
Finally , once the bill is passed it takes some time for the funds to be dispersed to the appropriate agencies to implement the programs .
In 1889 – 1890 in New Mexico , several hundred Mexican Americans formed las Gorras Blancas ( the White Caps ) to try and reclaim their land and intimidate white Americans , preventing further land seizures .
At that above - equilibrium salary , excess supply or a surplus results .
Chemiosmosis , a process of ATP production in cellular metabolism , is used to generate 90 percent of the ATP made during glucose catabolism and is also the method used in the light reactions of photosynthesis to harness the energy of sunlight .
Different cell layers ( called germ layers ) are formed during gastrulation .
They also control the differentiation of meristem into vascular tissue , and promote leaf development and arrangement .
1354 .
By 1860 , the region was producing two - thirds of the world ’s cotton .
Toll goods are similar to public goods in that they are open to all and theoretically infinite if maintained , but they are paid for or provided by some outside ( nongovernment ) entity .
First , during plasmogamy ( literally , “ marriage or union of cytoplasm ” ) , two haploid cells fuse , leading to a dikaryotic stage where two haploid nuclei coexist in a single cell .
3281 .
How safe is the food afterward ?
From design to implementation , polls are complex and require careful planning and care .
The federal courts , on the other hand , will hear any case that involves a foreign government , patent or copyright infringement , Native American rights , maritime law , bankruptcy , or a controversy between two or more states .
The zoot suits , which required large amounts of cloth to produce , violated wartime regulations that restricted the amount of cloth that could be used in civilian garments .
For example , consider a child who has asthma .
2427 .
4668 .
2049 .
2240 .
Radial glia serve as scaffolds for developing neurons as they migrate to their end destinations .
The magnetic field is traditionally called the B - field . Magnetic field lines are defined to have the direction that a small compass points when placed at a location .
1196 .
Hypertension forces a person ’s heart to pump harder , thus putting more physical strain on the heart .
Gross motor skills focus on large muscle groups that control our arms and legs and involve larger movements ( e.g. , balancing , running , and jumping ) .
If two systems are in contact and moving relative to one another , then the friction between them is called kinetic friction .
The molality of a solution is the number of moles of solute per kilogram of solvent .
2397 .
Antigen fragments will then be transported to the surface of the APC , where they will serve as an indicator to other immune cells .
( In living systems , the point of reference is always the cytoplasm , so the prefix hypo- means that the extracellular fluid has a lower concentration of solutes , or a lower osmolarity , than the cell cytoplasm . )
There is a simple formula for the magnetic field strength at the center of a circular loop .
4215 .
This creates two centers of equal and opposite charges — what is called a dipole , as illustrated in [ link ] .
3043 . is the maximum ( peak ) emf .
They are aligned parallel to the long axis of the bone .
Embedded in the thylakoid membrane is chlorophyll , a pigment ( molecule that absorbs light ) responsible for the initial interaction between light and plant material , and numerous proteins that make up the electron transport chain .
In 1928 , he reported the first demonstration of bacterial transformation , a process in which external DNA is taken up by a cell , thereby changing morphology and physiology .
Representative bias describes a faulty way of thinking , in which you unintentionally stereotype someone or something ; for example , you may assume that your professors spend their free time reading books and engaging in intellectual conversation , because the idea of them spending their time playing volleyball or visiting an amusement park does not fit in with your stereotypes of professors .
4553 .
Rather than a gain or loss of autosomes , variations in the number of sex chromosomes are associated with relatively mild effects .
For example , one gold atom has all of the properties of gold in that it is a solid metal at room temperature .
5069 .
4455 .
Edison was quite possibly the greatest inventor of the turn of the century , saying famously that he “ hoped to have a minor invention every ten days and a big thing every month or so . ”
Others are encased in glassy silica - based shells or wound with pellicles of interlocking protein strips .
The value “ r ” can be positive , meaning the population is increasing in size ; or negative , meaning the population is decreasing in size ; or zero , where the population ’s size is unchanging , a condition known as zero population growth .
6059 .
First , congressional party leaders in the majority and minority parties speak on behalf of their institution and their party on all types of issues , including foreign policy .
This age of exploration and the subsequent creation of an Atlantic World marked the earliest phase of globalization , in which previously isolated groups — Africans , Native Americans , and Europeans — first came into contact with each other , sometimes with disastrous results .
1102 .
342 .
800 .
Human metabolism is the conversion of food into heat transfer , work , and stored fat .
As discussed earlier , many conservative Christians have also argued that they should not have to recognize same - sex marriages because they consider homosexuality to be a sin . 5806 .
As seen in the examples of the Trail of Tears and the Holocaust , expulsion can be a factor in genocide .
How large is the U.S. economy ?
Why did the group risk alienating Democratic voters by preventing Sanders from speaking ?
4474 .
6813 .
These individual differences in circadian patterns of activity are known as a person ’s chronotype , and research demonstrates that morning larks and night owls differ with regard to sleep regulation ( Taillard , Philip , Coste , Sagaspe , & Bioulac , 2003 ) .
If successful , a party can create a large enough electoral coalition to gain control of the government .
When the chiasmata resolve and the tetrad is broken up with the homologs moving to one pole or another , the ploidy level — the number of sets of chromosomes in each future nucleus — has been reduced from two to one .
4783 .
Mitochondria ( singular = mitochondrion ) are often called the “ powerhouses ” or “ energy factories ” of a cell because they are responsible for making adenosine triphosphate ( ATP ) , the cell ’s main energy - carrying molecule .
In 1892 , the Geary Act extended the ban on Chinese immigration for another ten years .
While we applaud the technology spillovers of NASA ’s space projects , we should also acknowledge that those benefits are not shared equally .
This process enables professionals to use a common language with others in the field and aids in communication about the disorder with the patient , colleagues and the public .
In the 2016 presidential election , the level of support for Republican nominee Donald Trump may have been artificially low in the polls due to the fact that some respondents did not want to admit they were voting for Trump .
The clade Chondrichthyes is diverse , consisting of sharks ( [ link ] ) , rays , and skates , together with sawfishes and a few dozen species of fishes called chimaeras , or “ ghost ” sharks . ” Chondrichthyes are jawed fishes that possess paired fins and a skeleton made of cartilage .
5879 .
The matter and its environment relevant to a particular case of energy transfer are classified as a system , and everything outside of that system is called the surroundings .
What is happening is called active transport , a process in which a living membrane expends energy to move substances across it .
The indirectly observed non - luminous matter is called dark matter .
Rogers ( 1951 ) felt that the term patient suggested the person seeking help was sick and looking for a cure .
6897 .
4290 .
4126 .
2209 .
2144 .
He also studied a comparison group that was rewarded with food at the end of the maze .
Einstein ’s First Postulate
New York : Oxford University Press , 330 - 34 .
5975 .
One of the earliest undisputed reptiles was Hylonomus .
3962 .
At dinner , they “ cheerfully agreed to omit tea , to render their conduct consistent .
In this case , the overtones or harmonics are multiples of the fundamental frequency .
One pioneering humanist , Abraham Maslow , studied people who he considered to be healthy , creative , and productive , including Albert Einstein , Eleanor Roosevelt , Thomas Jefferson , Abraham Lincoln , and others .
Flow of ions through these channels , particularly the Na+ channels , regenerates the action potential over and over again along the axon .
Over the years , Amanpour has covered events around the world from war to genocide .
Exports are the goods and services that are produced domestically and sold abroad .
Keynes suggested that economic growth was closely tied to the ability of individuals to consume goods .
As a result , these individuals accumulate excessive amounts of usually worthless items that clutter their living areas ( [ link ] ) .
The phenomenon of driving a system with a frequency equal to its natural frequency is called resonance .
1162 .
1206 .
The sister chromatids begin to coil more tightly with the aid of condensin proteins and become visible under a light microscope .
In other words , the total number of electrons is not equal to the total number of protons .
An anchoring bias occurs when you focus on one piece of information when making a decision or solving a problem .
3542 .
Evidence indicates that during the first two billion years of Earth ’s existence , the atmosphere was anoxic , meaning that there was no molecular oxygen .
The youth and glamour that John F. Kennedy and first lady Jacqueline brought to the White House in the early 1960s ( a ) helped give rise to the legend of “ one brief shining moment that was Camelot ” after Kennedy ’s presidency was cut short by his assassination on November 22 , 1963 .
Using the power of the press , Enlightenment thinkers like John Locke , Isaac Newton , and Voltaire questioned accepted knowledge and spread new ideas about openness , investigation , and religious tolerance throughout Europe and the Americas .
Recall from the introductory chapter that Sigmund Freud had lots of interesting ideas to explain various human behaviors ( [ link ] ) .
1452 .
Contrast the Cotton case with what happened in the Elizabeth Smart case .
6008 .
If someone asks you what you ate for lunch today , more than likely you could recall this information quite easily .
The movement of materials at the site of capillaries is regulated by vasoconstriction , narrowing of the blood vessels , and vasodilation , widening of the blood vessels ; this is important in the overall regulation of blood pressure .
As a result of holding negative beliefs ( stereotypes ) and negative attitudes ( prejudice ) about a particular group , people often treat the target of prejudice poorly , such as excluding older adults from their circle of friends .
In 1865 and 1866 , as Johnson announced the end of Reconstruction , southern states began to pass a series of discriminatory state laws collectively known as black codes .
Our sleep - wake cycle , which is linked to our environment ’s natural light - dark cycle , is perhaps the most obvious example of a circadian rhythm , but we also have daily fluctuations in heart rate , blood pressure , blood sugar , and body temperature .
Roosevelt sought to implement a new approach to economic regulation known as Keynesianism .
In the male cones , or staminate cones , the microsporocytes give rise to pollen grains by meiosis .
If velocity is changing over time but in a constant and predictable way , then changes in the money supply will continue to have a predictable effect on nominal GDP .
Pew Research Center .
Spontaneous mutations occur without any exposure to any environmental agent ; they are a result of natural reactions taking place within the body .
One common symptom is hyperplasia , the abnormal proliferation of cells that causes the appearance of plant tumors known as galls .
Recognition happens when you identify information that you have previously learned after encountering it again .
The ratio of carbon dioxide production to oxygen consumption is the respiratory quotient ( RQ ) .
Financial capital markets bridge this gap : that is , they find ways to take the inflow of funds from many separate suppliers of financial capital and transform it into the funds desired by demanders of financial capital .
The fact that the orbital angular momentum can have only certain directions is called space quantization .
Numerous common experiences , such as stubbing a toe or throwing a ball , confirm this .
Banks are legally required to hold a minimum level of reserves , but no rule prohibits them from holding additional excess reserves above the legally mandated limit .
In order for a memory to go into storage ( i.e. , long - term memory ) , it has to pass through three distinct stages : Sensory Memory , Short - Term Memory , and finally Long - Term Memory .
The Bill of Rights was intended to quiet the fears of Anti - Federalists that the Constitution did not adequately protect individual liberties and thus encourage their support of the new national government .
Ubiquitin acts like a flag indicating that the protein lifespan is complete .
Profit - seeking multinational companies shift their production from countries with strong environmental standards to countries with weak standards , thus reducing their costs and increasing their profits .
healthcare coverage can broadly be divided into two main categories : public healthcare ( government - funded ) and private healthcare ( privately funded ) .
Most of us have seen dramatizations in which medical personnel use a defibrillator to pass an electric current through a patient ’s heart to get it to beat normally .
size 12 { Q = { { \ ( P rSub { size 8 { 2 } } - P rSub { size 8 { 1 } } \ ) π r rSup { size 8 { 4 } } } over { 8 η l } } } { }
The idea is simple : firms produce output only if they expect it to sell .
2964 .
Members of the clade Osteichthyes , also called bony fishes , are characterized by a bony skeleton .
Neither of these branches had existed under the Articles of Confederation .
The hydrosphere is the area of the Earth where water movement and storage occurs : as liquid water on the surface and beneath the surface or frozen ( rivers , lakes , oceans , groundwater , polar ice caps , and glaciers ) , and as water vapor in the atmosphere .
2109 .
In top - down implementation , the federal government dictates the specifics of the policy , and each state implements it the same exact way .
You have read that nearly all of the energy used by living cells comes to them in the bonds of the sugar , glucose .
3036 .
This type of bond is common and occurs regularly between water molecules .
6046 .
Such was the record of Supreme Court nominations during the Obama administration and , indeed , for the last few decades .
Before the mRNA leaves the nucleus , it is given two protective " caps " that prevent the end of the strand from degrading during its journey .
PheromonesA pheromone is a chemical released by an animal that affects the behavior or physiology of animals of the same species .
President Herbert Hoover used radio as well , mainly to announce government programs on aid and unemployment relief .
Pressure is defined as force per unit area .
2113 .
Indeed , the slope along an indifference curve is referred to as the marginal rate of substitution , which is the rate at which a person is willing to trade one good for another so that utility will remain the same .
5818 .
6360 .
In 1919 , Mussolini created the Fasci Italiani di Combattimento ( Italian Combat Squadron ) .
He was searching for evidence of the engram : the group of neurons that serve as the “ physical representation of memory ” ( Josselyn , 2010 ) .
Friends “ like ” articles and information , sharing their political beliefs and information with one another .
Sociologists use the term status to describe the responsibilities and benefits that a person experiences according to their rank and role in society .
U.S. air support was soon augmented by ground troops ( [ link ] ) .
2303 .
4535 .
2010 .
Errors during DNA replication are not the only reason why mutations arise in DNA .
6624 .
Both the Congress and the president have tried to reduce the bias in policy analysis by creating their own theoretically nonpartisan policy branches .
One well - known illusory correlation is the supposed effect that the moon ’s phases have on human behavior .
5459 .
After all , how well could soldiers function in a battle if they had no idea whom to listen to or if different people were calling out orders ?
Many others begin to suffer from conductive hearing loss because of age , genetic predisposition , or environmental effects , including exposure to extreme noise ( noise - induced hearing loss , as shown in [ link ] ) , certain illnesses ( such as measles or mumps ) , or damage due to toxins ( such as those found in certain solvents and metals ) .
The millions of unemployed in 2008 – 2009 could collect unemployment insurance benefits to replace some of their salaries .
1806 .
6279 .
One reason is that the statistical agencies in many poorer countries lack the resources and technical capabilities of the U.S. Bureau of the Census .
Like the layers of a cake , the levels of government do not blend with one another but rather are clearly defined .
This phenomenon of “ stagflation ” — a term that combined the economic conditions of stagnation and inflation — outlived the Nixon administration , enduring into the early 1980s .
63 .
So too did the appointment of Clay as secretary of state .
We can determine the beat frequency by adding two waves together mathematically .
The law also barred federal benefits for same - sex partners .
Forensic psychology is a branch of psychology that deals questions of psychology as they arise in the context of the justice system .
In the 1940s , Raymond Cattell proposed a theory of intelligence that divided general intelligence into two components : crystallized intelligence and fluid intelligence ( Cattell , 1963 ) .
Within each leaf , the vascular tissue forms veins .
President Bush objected to the requirement that major industrialized nations limit their emissions to a greater extent than other parts of the world and argued that doing so might hurt the American economy .
However , at the same time , it overturned restrictions on expenditures by candidates and their families , as well as total expenditures by campaigns .
The apex ( tip ) of the shoot contains the apical meristem within the apical bud .
858 .
Facts are observable realities , and opinions are personal judgments , conclusions , or attitudes that may or may not be accurate .
In microeconomics , we used the theories of supply and demand ; in macroeconomics , we use the theories of aggregate demand ( AD ) and aggregate supply ( AS ) .
Accuracy is how close a measurement is to the correct value for that measurement .
Poverty is measured by the number of people who fall below a certain level of income — called the poverty line — that defines the income needed for a basic standard of living .
51 .
Supporters of labor unions view them as the workers ’ primary line of defense against efforts by profit - seeking firms to hold down wages and benefits .
For cells to build all of the molecules required to sustain life , they need certain substances , collectively called nutrients .
Each cranial nerve is accorded a name , which are detailed in [ link ] .
1462 .
1876 .
However , with informational social influence , people conform because they believe the group is competent and has the correct information , particularly when the task or situation is ambiguous .
Collectively , these discriminatory laws came to be known as Jim Crow laws .
Distinct from self - efficacy , which involves our belief in our own abilities , locus of control refers to our beliefs about the power we have over our lives .
626 .
Education also provides one of the major methods used by people for upward social mobility .
Conventional crowds are those who come together for a scheduled event that occurs regularly , like a religious service .
6334 .
The difference in this uprising , however , was that supporters saw in the renewed U.S. Navy a force that could be a strong ally for Cuba .
The answer to this question is discussed in the following section .
1501 .
In short bursts , this process can have some favorable effects , such as providing extra energy , improving immune system functioning temporarily , and decreasing pain sensitivity .
[ link ] builds up an aggregate expenditure function , based on the numerical illustrations of C , I , G , X , and M that have been used throughout this text .
Most are typically tall trees that usually bear scale - like or needle - like leaves . 910 .
While a perfectly inelastic supply is an extreme example , goods with limited supply of inputs are likely to feature highly inelastic supply curves .
3683 .
The Civil Rights Act and the Age Discrimination in Employment Act make provisions for bona fide occupational qualifications ( BFOQs ) , which are requirements of certain occupations for which denying an individual employment would otherwise violate the law .
2831 .
In general , this process by which carbon is transported deep into the ocean is described as the biological carbon pump , because carbon is “ pumped ” to the ocean depths where it is inaccessible to the atmosphere as carbon dioxide .
2941 .
5962 .
By expelling a stream of mucopolysaccharides from the raphe , the diatom can attach to surfaces or propel itself in one direction .
Whether the form is online or on paper , the prospective voter will list his or her name , residency address , and in many cases party identification ( with Independent as an option ) and affirm that he or she is competent to vote .
( credit : modification of work by the Library of Congress )
2817 .
The following Clear It Up feature discusses the effects of international capital flows — capital that flows across national boundaries as either portfolio investment or direct investment .
Instead , workers confronted with the possibility of a wage cut will worry that other workers will not have such a wage cut , and so a wage cut means being worse off both in absolute terms and relative to others .
Protests have erupted nationwide in response to the deaths of African Americans during interactions with police .
Chromosomes are long strings of genetic material known as deoxyribonucleic acid ( DNA ) .
This speech encapsulated what became known as the Bush Doctrine , the belief that the United States has the right to protect itself from terrorist acts by engaging in pre - emptive wars or ousting hostile governments in favor of friendly , preferably democratic , regimes .
Where does economic growth come from ?
2880 .
Because of challenges in their economies , several of these communist countries have moved from central planning to letting market forces help determine many production and pricing decisions .
254 .
2239 .
6075 .
6528 .
A person diagnosed with a specific phobia ( formerly known as simple phobia ) experiences excessive , distressing , and persistent fear or anxiety about a specific object or situation ( such as animals , enclosed spaces , elevators , or flying ) ( APA , 2013 ) .
1848 .
On a large scale , such as between the Earth and a person , the reverse is true .
An ex post facto law has a retroactive effect : it can be used to punish crimes that were not crimes at the time they were committed , or it can be used to increase the severity of punishment after the fact .
Kohlberg ’s Theory of Moral Development
59 .
One theory that takes various factors into account was advanced by Edwin Land ( 1909 – 1991 ) , the creative founder of the Polaroid Corporation .
5521 .
Wallace favored racial desegregation and believed that the United States should have closer ties to the Soviet Union .
Productive efficiency means that , given the available inputs and technology , it is impossible to produce more of one good without decreasing the quantity that is produced of another good .
3113 .
In Japan , however , the number four is considered unlucky , since it is pronounced similarly to the Japanese word for “ death . ”
4606 .
1453 .
In doing so , monomers release water molecules as byproducts .
As we saw with Danielle , without socialization we literally have no self . Nature versus NurtureSome experts assert that who we are is a result of nurture — the relationships and caring that surround us .
The collection of all forms of media that communicate information to the general public is called mass media , including television , print , radio , and Internet .
In 1995 , the GATT was transformed into the WTO .
A private company is owned by the people who run it on a day - to - day basis .
The process is sometimes gentle .
3933 .
He also addressed the economic problems of the day by calling for the Congress to have the power to regulate commerce , to raise revenue though taxes on imports and through postage , and to enforce Congressional requisitions from the states .
In addition , political action committees ( PACs ) , supposedly focused on issues rather than specific candidates , seek to influence the outcome of the race by supporting or opposing a candidate according to the PAC ’s own interests .
4263 .
Think back to what you ’ve learned about lifespan development .
Many critics also point to the medicalization of women ’s issues as an example of institutionalized sexism .
If velocity is constant over time , then a certain percentage rise in the money supply on the left - hand side of the basic quantity equation of money will inevitably lead to the same percentage rise in nominal GDP — although this change could happen through an increase in inflation , or an increase in real GDP , or some combination of the two .
The Court held that states possess the “ historic and essential authority to define the marital relation , ” and that the federal government ’s involvement in this area “ departs from this history and tradition of reliance on state law to define marriage . ”
Many molecules that are biologically important are macromolecules , large molecules that are typically formed by polymerization ( a polymer is a large molecule that is made by combining smaller units called monomers , which are simpler than macromolecules ) .
The mineworkers ’ union realized that over time , the new machines would reduce the number of jobs in the mines , but the union leaders also knew that the mine owners would have to pay higher wages if the workers became more productive , and mechanization was a necessary step toward greater productivity .
991 .
Rather than contradicting our experience , Newton ’s first law of motion states that there must be a cause ( which is a net external force ) for there to be any change in velocity ( either a change in magnitude or direction ) .
4156 .
Mesohyl is an extracellular matrix consisting of a collagen - like gel with suspended cells that perform various functions .
1463 .
Dominant traits are those that are inherited unchanged in a hybridization .
2935 .
Apoptosis allows a cell to die in a controlled manner that prevents the release of potentially damaging molecules from inside the cell .
When they are released from the ovary , they travel to the uterine tubes for fertilization .
5820 .
This number can be measured for societies , nations , world regions , or other groups .
The U.S. Department of Defense placed fifty - eight journalists in a media boot camp to prepare them to be embedded with military regiments in Iraq .
6661 .
350 .
Marx described modern society in terms of alienation .
One of the oldest known amniotes is Casineria , which had both amphibian and reptilian characteristics .
Another approach is cross - sectional research .
For shape or position deformations , stored energy is PEs = 12 k x 2 PE s = 12 k x 2 size 12 { " PE " rSub { size 8 { s } } = { { 1 } over { 2 } } ital " kx " r Sup { size 8 { 2 } } } { } , where kk size 12 { k } { } is the force constant of the particular system and xx size 12 { x } { } is its deformation .
The lesser apes comprise the family Hylobatidae , including gibbons and siamangs .
After kingdoms , the subsequent categories of increasing specificity are : phylum , class , order , family , genus , and species ( [ link ] ) .
Indeed , 22 percent of citizens surveyed in 2014 had never heard of Chief Justice John Roberts , the head of the Supreme Court . Andrew Dugan .
5938 .
Should new international agreements into which the United States enters be forged through the Article II treaty process of the U.S. Constitution , or through executive agreements ?
The national security advisor heads the president ’s National Security Council , a group of senior - level staff from multiple foreign policy agencies , and is generally the president ’s top foreign policy advisor .
Science is based on observation and experiment — that is , on measurements .
The key policy implication for either situation is that government needs to step in and close the gap , increasing spending during recessions and decreasing spending during booms to return aggregate demand to match potential output . Recall from The Aggregate Supply - Aggregate Demand Model that aggregate demand is total spending , economy - wide , on domestic goods and services .
The major arteries diverge into minor arteries , and then smaller vessels called arterioles , to reach more deeply into the muscles and organs of the body .
Nor is the neoclassical model especially helpful when the economy is mired in an especially deep and long - lasting recession , like the Great Depression of the 1930s .
The rings swell when they touch the nematode , gripping it in a tight hold .
The process by which capital ages and loses value is called depreciation .
Nitrification in soils is carried out by bacteria belonging to the genera Nitrosomas , Nitrobacter , and Nitrospira .
Kenneth H. Ashworth .
7040 .
4369 .
Fall had leased navy reserves in Teapot Dome , Wyoming , and two other sites in California to private oil companies without opening the bidding to other companies .
Madison offered a rather sketchy outline of the executive branch , leaving open whether what he termed the “ national executive ” would be an individual or a set of people .
Although these items are used as commodity money , they also have a value from use as something other than money .
He said that only about one - tenth of our mind is conscious , and the rest of our mind is unconscious .
Social psychologists claim that diffusion of responsibility is the likely explanation .
To avoid any perception of “ taxation without representation , ” the Articles of Confederation allowed only state governments to levy taxes .
3195 .
6280 .
Southerners in Congress rejected the amendment as an attempt to gradually abolish slavery — not just in Missouri but throughout the Union — by violating the property rights of slaveholders and their freedom to take their property wherever they wished .
Inventions result when something new is formed from existing objects or concepts — when things are put together in an entirely new manner .
As a share of GDP , the amount collected by these taxes has stayed nearly constant over time , from about 2 % of GDP in the 1960s to roughly 3 % by 2014 , according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office .
5566 .
2040 .
709 .
5734 .
4989 .
It has a dark red color due to its extensive vascular system .
If a hormone is amino acid - derived , its chemical name will end in “ -ine ” .
Wax covers the feathers of some aquatic birds and the leaf surfaces of some plants .
5477 .
3924 .
326 .
The term “ spoils ” here refers to paid positions in the U.S. government .
2656 .
4406 .
3396 .
However , the country ’s many bureaucrats or civil servants , the individuals who work in the bureaucracy , fill necessary and even instrumental roles in every area of government : from high - level positions in foreign affairs and intelligence collection agencies to clerks and staff in the smallest regulatory agencies .
6990 .
The cornea is the transparent covering over the eye .
Two important developments have fundamentally changed the allocation of revenue since the early 1900s .
Acid rain damages the natural environment by lowering the pH of lakes , which kills many of the resident fauna ; it also affects the man - made environment through the chemical degradation of buildings .
In addition , the appearance of K - complexes is often associated with stage 2 sleep .
Quantitative easing differed from traditional monetary policy in several key ways .
During this time , there is a slowdown in both the rates of respiration and heartbeat .
Elder abuse occurs when a caretaker intentionally deprives an older person of care or harms the person in his or her charge .
In that non - inertial frame , you feel a fictitious force , named centrifugal force ( not to be confused with centripetal force ) , trying to throw you off .
3968 .
1335 .
3420 .
This is often called the winner - take - all system .
These “ cathode rays ” collide with the gas atoms and molecules and excite them , resulting in the emission of electromagnetic ( EM ) radiation that makes the electrons ’ path visible as a ray that spreads and fades as it moves away from the cathode .
998 .
After germinating from a spore , the resulting gametophyte produces both male and female gametangia , usually on the same individual .
A frontal plane ( also called a coronal plane ) separates the front from the back .
“ Malign Neglect : Evidence That Delay Has Become the Primary Method of Defeating Presidential Appointments ” Congress & the Presidency 36 , No. 3 : 226 – 243 .
Elk v. Wilkins , ( 1884 ) 112 U.S. 94 .
OBESITY
Most people have four parathyroid glands ; however , the number can vary from two to six .
This difference in charge across the membrane , called the membrane potential , provides energy for the signal .
The news often uses frames to place a story in a context so the reader understands its importance or relevance .
3638 .
4891 .
In females , the pituitary also produces prolactin , which stimulates milk production after childbirth , and oxytocin , which stimulates uterine contraction during childbirth and milk let - down during suckling .
Semiconductors can be constructed that do not conduct current in one particular direction .
Secondary feathers are located closer to the body , attach to the forearm portion of the wing and provide lift .
Laser vision correction has progressed rapidly in the last few years .
Transcription factors respond to environmental stimuli that cause the proteins to find their binding sites and initiate transcription of the gene that is needed .
Not only did DOMA allow states to choose whether to recognize same - sex marriages , it also defined marriage as a union between a man and a woman , which meant that same - sex couples were denied various federal provisions and benefits — such as the right to file joint tax returns and receive Social Security survivor benefits .
Say ’s law is : “ Supply creates its own demand . ”
5870 .
Most macromolecules are made from single subunits , or building blocks , called monomers .
3866 .
2624 .
3535 .
Discrimination based on gender or sex is generally examined with intermediate scrutiny .
For instance , several studies have demonstrated that non - Black participants identify weapons faster and are more likely to identify non - weapons as weapons when the image of the weapon is paired with the image of a Black person ( Payne , 2001 ; Payne , Shimizu , & Jacoby , 2005 ) .
Some of the traits that the study reported as having more than a 0.50 heritability ratio include leadership , obedience to authority , a sense of well - being , alienation , resistance to stress , and fearfulness .
4340 .
Meiosis is not directly involved in the production of gametes in this case , because the organism that produces the gametes is already a haploid .
To take the political pressure off himself and his administration , and find a way to exit Vietnam “ with honor , ” Nixon began the process of Vietnamization , turning more responsibility for the war over to South Vietnamese forces by training them and providing American weaponry , while withdrawing U.S. troops from the field .
The previous edition of the DSM included a diagnosis of Asperger ’s disorder , generally recognized as a less severe form of autistic disorder ; individuals diagnosed with Asperger ’s disorder were described as having average or high intelligence and a strong vocabulary , but exhibiting impairments in social interaction and social communication , such as talking only about their special interests ( Wing , Gould , & Gillberg , 2011 ) .
Darwin called this mechanism natural selection .
Memory is an information processing system ; therefore , we often compare it to a computer .
However , all countries should prefer to make a choice that shows productive efficiency — that is , the choice is somewhere on the production possibility frontier rather than inside it .
The Twenty - Sixth Amendment reduced the voting age from twenty - one to eighteen .
For example , Patsy Mink ( D - HI ) ( [ link ] ) , the first Asian American woman elected to Congress , was the coauthor of the Education Amendments Act of 1972 , Title IX of which prohibits sex discrimination in education .
Let ’s discuss these scenarios in turn .
Even when their climate and land are well - suited to products like cotton , rice , sugar , or milk , farmers in low - income countries find it difficult to compete .
First , members entering an institution must leave behind their old identity through what is known as a degradation ceremony .
An endoskeleton is a skeleton that consists of hard , mineralized structures located within the soft tissue of organisms .
Goffman used theater as an analogy for social interaction and recognized that people ’s interactions showed patterns of cultural “ scripts . ” Because it can be unclear what part a person may play in a given situation , he or she has to improvise his or her role as the situation unfolds ( Goffman 1958 ) .
The final category of the current account balance is unilateral transfers , which are payments made by government , private charities , or individuals in which money is sent abroad without any direct good or service being received .
Fuels , such as gasoline and food , carry chemical energy that can be transferred to a system through oxidation .
The renal tubule is a long and convoluted structure that emerges from the glomerulus and can be divided into three parts based on function .
There is yet another way of expressing the second law of thermodynamics .
About two - thirds of U.S. households own their own home .
977 .
This fissure , or “ crack , ” is called the cleavage furrow .
When the phage DNA is incorporated into the host cell genome , it is called a prophage .
The law of continuity suggests that we are more likely to perceive continuous , smooth flowing lines rather than jagged , broken lines ( [ link ] ) .
456 .
An example of a life table is shown in [ link ] from a study of Dall mountain sheep , a species native to northwestern North America .
In many cases , a business that focuses on one or a few products ( sometimes called its “ core competency ” ) is more successful than firms that try to make a wide range of products .
2893 .
We can enhance the number of fissions produced by neutrons by having a large amount of fissionable material .
The United States does have an estate tax — that is , a tax imposed on the value of an inheritance — which suggests a willingness to limit how much wealth can be passed on as an inheritance .
803 .
One reason is simple mate choice ; for example , female peahens may prefer peacocks with bigger , brighter tails .
The maximal growth rate for a species is its biotic potential , or rmax , thus changing the equation to :
Adaptive immunity is an immunity that occurs after exposure to an antigen either from a pathogen or a vaccination .
In one example , our five most recent presidents ’ moods varied from liberal to non - liberal , while public sentiment stayed consistently liberal . Dan Wood .
The acceleration due to gravity is constant , which means we can apply the kinematics equations to any falling object where air resistance and friction are negligible .
861 .
All of these transporters can also transport small , uncharged organic molecules like glucose .
This interaction anchors the 30S ribosomal subunit at the correct location on the mRNA template .
4923 .
582 .
The resulting graph — an oxygen dissociation curve — is sigmoidal , or S - shaped ( [ link ] ) .
In 1971 , Congress again tried to fix the situation by passing the Federal Election Campaign Act ( FECA ) , which outlined how candidates would report all contributions and expenditures related to their campaigns .
Recording of the heart ’s magnetic field as it beats is called a magnetocardiogram ( MCG ) , while measurements of the brain ’s magnetic field is called a magnetoencephalogram ( MEG ) .
People with retrograde amnesia can not remember some or even all of their past .
The United States had no way of knowing that part of the land about to be ceded by Mexico had just become far more valuable than anyone could have imagined .
The Adams - Onís Treaty upset many American expansionists , who criticized Adams for not laying claim to all of Texas , which they believed had been included in the Louisiana Purchase .
A few people , however , become policy advocates by actively working to propose or maintain public policy .
The moss lifecycle follows the pattern of alternation of generations as shown in [ link ] .
New federalism is premised on the idea that the decentralization of policies enhances administrative efficiency , reduces overall public spending , and improves policy outcomes .
The leathery - beaked platypus belongs to the family Ornithorhynchidae ( “ bird beak ” ) , whereas echidnas belong to the family Tachyglossidae ( “ sticky tongue ” ) ( [ link ] ) .
Abiotic factors such as temperature and rainfall vary based mainly on latitude and elevation .
In early economies , money was often objects like cowry shells , rice , barley , or even rum .
Supination is the movement of the radius and ulna bones of the forearm so that the palm faces forward .
The extinct vascular plants , classified as zosterophylls and trimerophytes , most probably lacked true leaves and roots and formed low vegetation mats similar in size to modern - day mosses , although some trimetophytes could reach one meter in height .
In contrast to light microscopes , electron microscopes ( [ link ] b ) use a beam of electrons instead of a beam of light .
As a result , gun rights have become a highly charged political issue .
2956 .
The rounded ends , the epiphyses , are covered with articular cartilage and are filled with red bone marrow , which produces blood cells ( [ link ] ) .
For example , a number of New Deal breakthroughs , such as child labor laws , were inspired by state policies .
The zygote develops into an embryo with a radicle , or small root , and one ( monocot ) or two ( dicot ) leaf - like organs called cotyledons .
Small green appendages usually found at the base of the petiole are known as stipules .
In the past , presidential use of the Taft - Hartley Act sometimes has made labor negotiations more bitter and argumentative but , in this case , it seems to have smoothed the road to an agreement . In other instances , unions have proved quite willing to adopt new technologies .
1968 .
According to Madison , “ Ambition must be made to counteract ambition . ”
However , the fiscal hardships that plagued the government during the War of 1812 , coupled with the fragility of the country ’s financial system , convinced Congress and then - president James Madison to create the Second Bank of the United States in 1816 .
Interest groups also include associations , which are typically groups of institutions that join with others , often within the same trade or industry ( trade associations ) , and have similar concerns .
The two halves of a peanut seed ( Arachis hypogaea ) and the split peas ( Pisum sativum ) of split pea soup are individual cotyledons loaded with food reserves .
Ten of the amendments were successfully ratified by the requisite 75 percent of the states and became known as the Bill of Rights ( [ link ] ) .
Politicians have an incentive to ensure that government money is spent in their home state or district , where it will benefit their constituents in a direct and obvious way .
Beyond the issues of contraception and abortion , the right to privacy has been interpreted to encompass a more general right for adults to have noncommercial , consensual sexual relationships in private .
Anyone who faces a change in price will experience two interlinked motivations : a substitution effect and an income effect .
2687 .
6931 .
5642 .
The organisms that consume the primary producers are herbivores : the primary consumers .
The alcalde sent a written record of the proceeding to a judge in Saltillo , the state capital , who decided the outcome .
Andrew Jackson employed the veto as a measure of policy to block legislative initiatives with which he did not agree and acted unilaterally when it came to depositing federal funds in several local banks around the country instead of in the Bank of the United States .
However , one of the more influential conceptualizations was proposed by Wakefield ( 1992 ) , who defined psychological disorder as a harmful dysfunction .
Because geology and chemistry have major roles in the study of this process , the recycling of inorganic matter between living organisms and their environment is called a biogeochemical cycle .
There are a number of types of mycorrhizae .
A trait is defined as a variation in the physical appearance of a heritable characteristic .
Social scientists may develop a hypothesis for the same reason .
5288 .
As a result , pain signals that are sent to the brain get exaggerated .
Intent on raising revolutionary morale after the British captured New York City , he launched surprise strikes against British forces in their winter quarters .
665 .
Yet another approach is to require collateral , often property or equipment that the bank would have a right to seize and sell if the loan is not repaid .
This provision is so well known that we have a phrase for it : “ taking the Fifth . ”
A dissertation is essentially a long research paper or bundled published articles describing research that was conducted as a part of the candidate ’s doctoral training .
The price of haircuts rises to $ 30 .
Other congressmen had drafted similar legislation , and Wilmot ’s language was largely copied from the 1787 Northwest Ordinance that had banned slavery in that territory .
Within a year , potential candidates were being ranked and compared by a number of newspapers .
6680 .
2368 .
Roosevelt used his position to convince voters to pressure Congress to pass laws .
3926 .
Plasmodesmata allow materials to pass from the cytoplasm of one plant cell to the cytoplasm of an adjacent cell .
For example , due to their different chemical properties , butane is suited for use as a fuel for cigarette lighters and torches , whereas isobutene is suited for use as a refrigerant and a propellant in spray cans .
A genetic site used to generate a physical map with sequencing technology ( a sequence - tagged site , or STS ) is a unique sequence in the genome with a known exact chromosomal location .
An enumerated power is a power explicitly stated in the Constitution .
In contrast , in a longitudinal wave or compressional wave , the disturbance is parallel to the direction of propagation .
Beyond these requirements , there may be an oath administered or more questions asked , such as felony convictions .
Megaphylls most likely appeared independently several times during the course of evolution .
After further cell division and rearrangement of existing cells , a 6–32-celled hollow structure called a blastula is formed .
450 .
Bethune had been a spokesperson and an educator for years ; with this role , she became one of the president ’s foremost African American advisors .
2319 .
In a series of forced marches , some fifteen thousand Cherokee were finally relocated to Oklahoma .
2192 .
As the suburbs became more crowded and lost their charm , those who could afford it turned to the exurbs , communities that exist outside the ring of suburbs and are typically populated by even wealthier families who want more space and have the resources to lengthen their commute .
Ecdysozoa includes nematodes and arthropods ; they are so named for a commonly found characteristic among the group : exoskeletal molting ( termed ecdysis ) .
3942 .
In this type of attachment , the toddler prefers his parent over a stranger .
4426 .
Lancelets are only a few centimeters long and are usually found buried in sand at the bottom of warm temperate and tropical seas .
Sweat glands are located over most of the body surface in primates .
6865 .
93 .
355 .
This image , like all case 2 images , can not be projected and , hence , is called a virtual image .
Core nations are dominant capitalist countries , highly industrialized , technological , and urbanized .
That move was followed by upwards of forty federal court decisions that upheld marriage equality in particular states .
1307 .
2776 .
To get the direction of the resultant , measure the angle it makes with the reference frame using a protractor .
Electromagnetism is the use of electric current to make magnets .
The first such tax to draw the ire of colonists was the Stamp Act , passed in 1765 , which required that almost all paper goods , such as diplomas , land deeds , contracts , and newspapers , have revenue stamps placed on them .
There , citizens knew their immediate problems would be addressed in return for their promise of political support in future elections .
4682 .
5036 .
Social facilitation occurs when an individual performs better when an audience is watching than when the individual performs the behavior alone .
( This theme was introduced in Cost and Industry Structure ) .
The first McDonalds opened in San Bernardino , California , in 1954 to cater to drivers in a hurry .
On the submicroscopic scale , it is more convenient to define an energy unit called the electron volt ( eV ) , which is the energy given to a fundamental charge accelerated through a potential difference of 1 V.
The very top portion of the labor supply curve is called a backward - bending supply curve for labor , which is the situation of high - wage people who can earn so much that they respond to a still - higher wage by working fewer hours .
Mary E. Stuckey .
The equilibrium price is $ 80 and the equilibrium quantity is 28 million .
The Lorenz curve shows the cumulative share of population on the horizontal axis and the cumulative percentage of total income received on the vertical axis .
4726 .
While variables are sometimes correlated because one does cause the other , it could also be that some other factor , a confounding variable , is actually causing the systematic movement in our variables of interest .
As noted before , if exports and imports are equal , foreign trade has no effect on total GDP .
Additionally , one neuron often has inputs from many presynaptic neurons — some excitatory and some inhibitory — so IPSPs can cancel out EPSPs and vice versa .
In the male reproductive system , the scrotum houses the testicles or testes ( singular : testis ) , including providing passage for blood vessels , nerves , and muscles related to testicular function .
Much of the intellectual meat of the Reagan Revolution came from conservative think tanks ( policy or advocacy groups ) that specifically sought to shape American political and social dialogues .
Among the merits of federalism are that it promotes policy innovation and political participation and accommodates diversity of opinion .
5352 .
This ‘ jumping ’ of the action potential from one node to the next is called saltatory conduction .
Many species respond to chemical messages , known as pheromones , sent by another individual ( Wysocki & Preti , 2004 ) .
Americans aged 18–29 were less likely to become involved in traditional forms of political activity than older Americans .
The military example demonstrates the observation that a difficult initiation into a group influences us to like the group more , due to the justification of effort .
Neutron - induced fission can be written as
If the new good is not included in the CPI for some years , until its price is already lower , the CPI may miss counting this price decline altogether .
3238 .
The metabolome is the complete set of metabolites that are related to the genetic makeup of an organism .
6629 .
The food particles enter the mouth and travel to the mastax ( pharynx with jaw - like structures ) .
973 .
Dan Merica , “ Black Lives Matter Protesters Shut Down Sanders Event in Seattle , ” CNN , 10 August 2015 .
5133 .
On June 6 , 1944 , the second front became a reality when Allied forces stormed the beaches of northern France on D - day .
Because of the two - column format of the balance sheet , with the T - shape formed by the vertical line down the middle and the horizontal line under “ Assets ” and “ Liabilities , ” it is sometimes called a T - account .
[ link ] shows a method of induction wherein a charge is created in a nearby object , without direct contact .
A change in either can dramatically alter breathing and the ability to take in oxygen and release carbon dioxide .
4821 .
The four steps shown complete this heat engine ’s cycle , bringing the gasoline - air mixture back to its original condition .
6191 .
Again , price is measured in dollars per gallon of gasoline and quantity supplied is measured in millions of gallons .
Kozak ’s rules state that the following consensus sequence must appear around the AUG of vertebrate genes : 5'-gccRccAUGG-3 ' .
926 .
President Nixon and First Lady Patricia Nixon visited the Great Wall on their 1972 trip to China .
For example , auto insurance might pay for all losses greater than $ 500 .
1448 .
Attitude is our evaluation of a person , an idea , or an object .
The motion of falling objects , as covered in Problem - Solving Basics for One - Dimensional Kinematics , is a simple one - dimensional type of projectile motion in which there is no horizontal movement .
The plan was to develop different strategies , tactics , and even military capabilities to respond more appropriately to small or medium - sized insurgencies , and political or diplomatic crises .
McCain – Feingold restricts the amount of money given to political parties , which had become a way for companies and PACs to exert influence .
247 .
We do not think about the relatively recent nature of the protections , unless , of course , we know someone constantly inconvenienced by the lack of accommodations or misfortune of suddenly experiencing a temporary disability .
Regulation of transpiration , therefore , is achieved primarily through the opening and closing of stomata on the leaf surface .
When the environment changes , populations will often undergo directional selection ( [ link ] ) , which selects for phenotypes at one end of the spectrum of existing variation .
This depolarization causes voltage - gated Ca2 + channels to open .
In modern practice , it has evolved ino what is known as psychodynamic therapy , which will be discussed later .
The slender seta ( plural , setae ) , as seen in [ link ] , contains tubular cells that transfer nutrients from the base of the sporophyte ( the foot ) to the sporangium or capsule .
However , if a family of carriers begins to interbreed with each other , this will dramatically increase the likelihood of two carriers mating and eventually producing diseased offspring , a phenomenon known as inbreeding depression .
Oligopoly arises when a small number of large firms have all or most of the sales in an industry .
3056 .
3054 . where LL size 12 { L } { } is the self - inductance of the device .
Sociology studies politics as a means to understand the underlying social norms and values of a group .
It is longer than the radius .
Encoding involves the input of information into the memory system .
Douglas responded to Lincoln during the second debate at Freeport , Illinois .
3549 .
3517 .
Because red blood cells increase the viscosity of blood , artificially high levels of EPO can cause severe health risks . The thymus is found behind the sternum ; it is most prominent in infants , becoming smaller in size through adulthood .
168 .
The diaphysis , or central shaft , contains bone marrow in a marrow cavity .
This is called vicarious punishment .
The amount of water vapor in the air depends on temperature .
The most important restriction Section 9 places on the national government prevents measures that cause the deprivation of personal liberty .
A selenium - coated aluminum drum is sprayed with positive charge from points on a device called a corotron .
A rise in income causes the budget constraint to shift to the right .
Secondary sexual characteristics are physical signs of sexual maturation that do not directly involve sex organs , such as development of breasts and hips in girls , and development of facial hair and a deepened voice in boys .
While people are regularly categorized based on how rich or poor they are , other important factors influence social standing .
This type of intelligence appears to be separate from traditional understanding of IQ ; individuals who score high in practical intelligence may or may not have comparable scores in creative and analytical intelligence ( Sternberg , 1988 ) .
Woody plants have a tough , waterproof outer layer of cork cells commonly known as bark , which further protects the plant from damage .
A list of the costs involved in producing cars will look very different from the costs involved in producing computer software or haircuts or fast - food meals .
249 .
Resolution is the relatively rapid return to an unaroused state accompanied by a decrease in blood pressure and muscular relaxation .
1204 .
Following swiftly upon the heels of the Obergefell ruling , the Indiana legislature passed a Religious Freedom Restoration Act ( RFRA ) .
It is a part of the brain , extending down from the hypothalamus , and contains mostly nerve fibers and neuroglial cells , which support axons that extend from the hypothalamus to the posterior pituitary .
For instance , the next largest population in the country is the voting - age population ( VAP ) , which consists of persons who are eighteen and older .
6017 .
A small Union garrison of fewer than one hundred soldiers and officers held the fort , making it a vulnerable target for the Confederacy .
Both structures are the α - helix structure — the helix held in shape by hydrogen bonds .
One listener described the chats as soothing , with the president acting like a father , sitting in the room with the family , cutting through the political nonsense and describing what help he needed from each family member . “The Fireside Chats , ” https://www.history.com/topics/fireside-chats ( November 20 , 2015 ) ; Fellow .
According to Jung , certain symbols in dreams reflected universal archetypes with meanings that are similar for all people regardless of culture or location .
5173 .
6947 .
1582 .
318 .
If two individuals mate who are both heterozygous for the allele associated with PKU , their offspring have a 25 % chance of expressing the PKU phenotype .
Memories can also be affected by bias , which is the final distortion error .
However , sociologists and most other social scientists view them as conceptually distinct .
Activities such as ( a ) preparing a meal , ( b ) hanging out , and ( c ) playing a game engage people in a group .
When transcription factors bind to the promoter just upstream of the encoded gene , it is referred to as a cis - acting element , because it is on the same chromosome just next to the gene .
Another way of stating this is that the probability of finding a shared electron near an oxygen nucleus is more likely than finding it near a hydrogen nucleus .
Atmospheric sulfur is found in the form of sulfur dioxide ( SO2 ) , and as rain falls through the atmosphere , sulfur is dissolved in the form of weak sulfuric acid ( H2SO4 ) .
6671 .
The SI unit for activity is one decay per second and is given the name becquerel ( Bq ) in honor of the discoverer of radioactivity .
4235 .
In this way , one bone moves while the other remains stationary , like the hinge of a door .
Dispersal is when a few members of a species move to a new geographical area , and vicariance is when a natural situation arises to physically divide organisms .
The president sometimes chooses nominees from a list of candidates maintained by the American Bar Association , a national professional organization of lawyers .
Each person experiences age - related changes based on many factors .
1319 .
Even more important on intelligence than the CIA director is the director of national intelligence , a position created in the government reorganizations after 9/11 , who oversees the entire intelligence community in the U.S. government .
An inelastic collision is one in which the internal kinetic energy changes ( it is not conserved ) .
As the conflict wore on and reports of brutalities increased , the antiwar movement grew in strength .
130 .
A mycosis is a fungal disease that results from infection and direct damage .
7073 .
2932 .
Special Economic Zones .
Typically , these servants became a part of the extended tribal family .
3436 .
These cells relay messages , in the form of action potentials ( as you learned when studying biopsychology ) , to the central nervous system .
This relationship between income and consumption , illustrated in [ link ] and [ link ] , is called the consumption function .
2154 .
6863 .
We are not consciously aware of our blind spots for two reasons : First , each eye gets a slightly different view of the visual field ; therefore , the blind spots do not overlap .
6820 .
5018 .
The symptoms of OCD have been theorized to be learned responses , acquired and sustained as the result of a combination of two forms of learning : classical conditioning and operant conditioning ( Mowrer , 1960 ; Steinmetz , Tracy , & Green , 2001 ) .
A rise in price almost always leads to an increase in the quantity supplied of that good or service , while a fall in price will decrease the quantity supplied .
Historically , the idea of an infectious agent that did not use nucleic acids was considered impossible , but pioneering work by Nobel Prize - winning biologist Stanley Prusiner has convinced the majority of biologists that such agents do indeed exist .
4793 .
The first step in this process is ingestion .
Paul Begala , “ Begala : The day Jon Stewart blew up my show , ” CNN , 12 February 2015 .
Gravitropism ensures that roots grow into the soil and that shoots grow toward sunlight .
The mantle ( also known as the pallium ) is the dorsal epidermis in mollusks ; shelled mollusks are specialized to secrete a chitinous and hard calcareous shell .
President Obama changed his mind and ultimately allowed Russian president Vladimir Putin to negotiate Syria ’s surrender of its chemical weapons .
And what ’s more , actions under these conditions are indeed predictable , if the underlying environment is better understood .
Phons differ from decibels because the phon is a unit of loudness perception , whereas the decibel is a unit of physical intensity .
Visit this website to read an article about the complexity of the belief that banks can be “ too - big - to - fail . ”
Several Supreme Court rulings also promoted new federalism by hemming in the scope of the national government ’s power , especially under the commerce clause .
Vertical shoots may arise from the buds on the rhizome of some plants , such as ginger and ferns .
Private interests usually seek particularized benefits from government that favor either a single interest or a narrow set of interests .
“ Justice questions way court nominees are grilled . ”
3296 .
Today this structure of power sharing is referred to as federalism .
Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians suffered many of the same abuses as Native Americans , including loss of land and forced assimilation .
Another example of racist practices is racial steering , in which real estate agents direct prospective homeowners toward or away from certain neighborhoods based on their race .
This is because the water molecules are attracted to the charged glass walls of the capillary more than they are to each other and therefore adhere to it .
The Industrial Revolution refers to the widespread use of power - driven machinery and the economic and social changes that resulted in the first half of the 1800s .
The county - level organization is in many ways the workhorse of the party system , especially around election time .
By the late 19th century , German psychiatrist Sigmund Freud had become convinced that dreams represented an opportunity to gain access to the unconscious .
Another skeletal modification found in most birds is the fusion of the two clavicles ( collarbones ) , forming the furcula or wishbone .
4345 .
1297 .
On the question of ratification , citizens quickly separated into two groups : Federalists and Anti - Federalists .
The motion of stars in galaxies and the motion of galaxies in clusters imply that there is about 10 times as much mass as in the luminous objects we can see .
However , those gays , lesbians , and bisexuals who spoke openly about their sexual orientation were still subject to dismissal because it remained illegal for anyone except heterosexuals to serve in the armed forces .
If a characteristic is found in the ancestor of a group , it is considered a shared ancestral character because all of the organisms in the taxon or clade have that trait .
While there are several different types of epilepsy , all are characterized by recurrent seizures .
She was met with great hostility from her coanchor Harry Reasoner and received critical coverage from the press .
5049 .
1906 .
The second world was the in - between category : nations not as limited in development as the third world , but not as well off as the first world , having moderate economies and standard of living , such as China or Cuba .
2779 .
In an early demonstration of the law ’s power , the U.S. Supreme Court in 1911 upheld the government ’s right to break up Standard Oil , which had controlled about 90 % of the country ’s oil refining , into 34 independent firms , including Exxon , Mobil , Amoco , and Chevron .
The production of ATP using the process of chemiosmosis is called oxidative phosphorylation because of the involvement of oxygen in the process .
Conventional crowds are those who come together for a scheduled event that occurs regularly , like a religious service .
A magazine might run a story on climate change by interviewing representatives of only one side of the policy debate and downplaying the opposing view , all without acknowledging the one - sided nature of its coverage .
Hormones are chemical - signaling molecules , usually small proteins or steroids , secreted by endocrine cells that act to control or regulate specific physiological processes , including growth , development , metabolism , and reproduction .
Two techniques have shown considerable promise .
Taxonomy ( which literally means “ arrangement law ” ) is the science of classifying organisms to construct internationally shared classification systems with each organism placed into more and more inclusive groupings .
4260 .
Superstrings are entities that are 10 − 35 m 10 − 35 m size 12 { " 10 " rSup { size 8 { - " 35 " } } ` m } { } in scale and act like one - dimensional oscillating strings and are also proposed to underlie all particles , forces , and space itself .
Roosevelt sought to salvage this important piece of labor legislation , doing so with the Wagner Act .
Buckley v. Valeo , 424 U.S. 1 ( 1976 ) .
The overall direction of the lagging strand will be 3 ' to 5 ' , and that of the leading strand 5 ' to 3 ' .
In 1974 , the act was amended in an attempt to limit the amount of money spent on congressional campaigns .
3870 .
Coercive organizations are groups that we must be coerced , or pushed , to join .
An Employment Cost Index measures wage inflation in the labor market .
5190 .
2705 .
3347 .
New York was the first U.S. megalopolis , a huge urban corridor encompassing multiple cities and their surrounding suburbs .
Dred Scott v. Sandford , 60 U.S. 393 ( 1857 ) .
These countries had been experiencing substantial inflows of foreign investment capital , with bank lending increasing by 20 % to 30 % per year through the mid- 1990s .
Don Van Natta Jr. , Adam Liptak , and Clifford J . Levy , “ The Miller Case : A Notebook , a Cause , a Jail Cell and a Deal , ” The New York Times , 16 October 2005 .
) .
1597 .
3050 .
To this end , he proposed an ambitious program of social legislation that included establishing a federal minimum wage , expanding Social Security and public housing , and prohibiting child labor .
But despite their interests , most people do little more than vote or occasionally contribute to a political campaign .
y = m x + b .
A. L. A. Schechter Poultry Corp. v. United States , 295 U.S. 495 ( 1935 ) .
The mercantilist policies by which it tried to achieve this control are known as the Navigation Acts .
What does the study of biology share with other scientific disciplines ?
The third type is utilitarian organizations , which , as the name suggests , are joined because of the need for a specific material reward .
During Nixon ’s administration , general revenue sharing programs were created that distributed funds to the state and local governments with minimal restrictions on how the money was spent .
As a result , Shelby County , Alabama , and several other states sued the U.S. attorney general , arguing the Voting Rights Act ’s preclearance list was unconstitutional and that the formula that determined whether states had violated the VRA was outdated .
The early introduction is often broad and thematic , covering explorers , presidents , victories , and symbols , but generally the lessons are idealized and do not discuss many of the specific problems or controversies connected with historical figures and moments .
In certain cases , however , competition can discourage new technology , especially when other firms can quickly copy a new idea .
5285 .
These turnovers are caused by the formation of a thermocline : a layer of water with a temperature that is significantly different from that of the surrounding layers .
This is the amount the borrower agrees to pay the investor at maturity .
By 40 million years ago , evidence indicates that monkeys were present in the New World ( South America ) and the Old World ( Africa and Asia ) .
3682 .
Social MobilitySocial mobility refers to the ability to change positions within a social stratification system .
Soil particles between 0.002 and 0.1 mm are called silt , and even smaller particles , less than 0.002 mm in diameter , are called clay .
Troponin binds to tropomyosin and helps to position it on the actin molecule ; it also binds calcium ions .
The developing fetus is completely dependent on the mother for life .
In a further division , land plants are classified into two major groups according to the absence or presence of vascular tissue , as detailed in [ link ] .
( See [ link ] . )
This is accomplished by a special protein complex called FACT , which stands for “ facilitates chromatin transcription . ” This complex pulls histones away from the DNA template as the polymerase moves along it .
2112 .
Once the efferent arteriole exits the glomerulus , it forms the peritubular capillary network , which surrounds and interacts with parts of the renal tubule .
Freud attracted many followers who modified his ideas to create new theories about personality .
Concentrated damage is more difficult for biological organisms to repair than damage that is spread out , so short - range particles have greater biological effects .
7071 .
Finally , there is the pathway from the retina to the suprachiasmatic nucleus ( SCN ) of the hypothalamus .
They may be released from the parent thallus either outside or within a special reproductive sac called a sporangium .
2876 .
3219 .
It is a method of ordering ideas and formulating questions .
With the advancement of DNA technology , the area of molecular systematics , which describes the use of information on the molecular level including DNA analysis , has blossomed .
One of the advantages of secondary data is that it is nonreactive research ( or unobtrusive research ) , meaning that it does not include direct contact with subjects and will not alter or influence people ’s behaviors .
5021 .
First , during plasmogamy ( literally , “ marriage or union of cytoplasm ” ) , two haploid cells fuse , leading to a dikaryotic stage where two haploid nuclei coexist in a single cell .
Why did the current account deficit rise so high , but then decline in 2009 ?
The remnants of the nuclear envelope fragment .
If government spending and taxes are equal , it is said to have a balanced budget .
Each bronchus divides into secondary bronchi , then into tertiary bronchi , which in turn divide , creating smaller and smaller diameter bronchioles as they split and spread through the lung .
It also lets participants know that their involvement is completely voluntary and can be discontinued without penalty at any time .
3531 .
There are three ways you can retrieve information out of your long - term memory storage system : recall , recognition , and relearning .
These unwound protein - chromosome complexes are called chromatin ( [ link ] ) ; chromatin describes the material that makes up the chromosomes both when condensed and decondensed .
3898 .
The self - reference effect is the tendency for an individual to have better memory for information that relates to oneself in comparison to material that has less personal relevance ( Rogers , Kuiper & Kirker , 1977 ) .
In the western campaign , the goal of both the Union and the Confederacy was to gain control of the major rivers in the west , especially the Mississippi .
5353 .
Organizations pushing these movements include Heaven ’s Gate or the Branch Davidians .
However , in the last decade or so , the structure of healthcare provision has shifted to an emphasis on health maintenance organizations ( HMOs ) .
As stress researcher Robert Sapolsky ( 1998 ) describes ,
The basilar membrane is a thin strip of tissue within the cochlea .
“Court History . ” Supreme Court History : The First Hundred Years .
The lower jaw of mammals consists of only one bone , the dentary .
4729 .
The SCN is a cluster of cells that is considered to be the body ’s internal clock , which controls our circadian ( day - long ) cycle .
The location within the enzyme where the substrate binds is called the enzyme ’s active site .
In Congress , the best known of these is the Congressional Budget Office , or CBO .
Neoconservatives believe that rather than exercising restraint and always using international organizations as the path to international outcomes , the United States should aggressively use its might to promote its values and ideals around the world .
Codeine is an opioid with relatively low potency .
After all , positive externalities exist from investment in education .
The resulting law ( pushed heavily and then signed by President Lyndon B .
When the plant embryo emerges from the seed , the radicle of the embryo forms the root system .
The focus of analytical psychology is on working to balance opposing forces of conscious and unconscious thought , and experience within one ’s personality .
for more on this ) .
The term refers to the way people learn what society considered to be “ good ” and “ bad , ” which is important for a smoothly functioning society .
Shortly after taking office , Clinton appointed the first lady to chair the Task Force on National Health Care Reform .
Once released , the restoring force causes the ruler to move back toward its stable equilibrium position , where the net force on it is zero .
An individual firm may find itself buffeted by unfavorable supply and demand conditions or hurt by unlucky or unwise managerial decisions .
American Media History , 256 .
During the vegetative period of their life cycle ( which may be as long as 120 years in some bamboo species ) , these plants may reproduce asexually and accumulate a great deal of food material that will be required during their once - in - a - lifetime flowering and setting of seed after fertilization .
There are two reasons : ( 1 ) The division of labor leads to learning , innovation , and unique skills ; and ( 2 ) economies of scale .
5872 .
2949 .
4042 .
Ionization produces a random assortment of broken molecules and ions , some with unstable oxygen- or hydrogen - containing molecules known as free radicals .
4348 .
Rogers focused on the idea that we need to achieve consistency between these two selves .
Exocytosis is the opposite of the processes discussed above in that its purpose is to expel material from the cell into the extracellular fluid .
Cambridge , MA : Harvard University Press .
The AD / AS model can be used to illustrate both Say ’s law that supply creates its own demand and Keynes ’ law that demand creates its own supply .
The proteins serve as a marker to indicate the presence of a pathogen to phagocytic cells , such as macrophages and B cells , and enhance engulfment ; this process is called opsonization .
The results of those tests determine eligibility to receive federal funding .
6022 .
Sexuality is viewed as a person ’s capacity for sexual feelings .
To find answers to these questions , we need to understand the concept of elasticity .
Latent content , on the other hand , refers to the hidden meaning of a dream .
He felt that internal mental states must also have a role in learning and that observational learning involves much more than imitation .
[ link ] shows a schematic of a simple circuit with an AC voltage source .
A thrust is a reaction force that pushes a body forward in response to a backward force .
{ } Recall that the direction of acac size 12{a rSub { size 8 { c } } } { } is toward the center .
For banks , the central bank acting as a lender of last resort helps to reinforce the effect of deposit insurance and to reassure bank customers that they will not lose their money .
The pion must then be captured and , thus , can not be directly observed because that would amount to a permanent violation of mass - energy conservation .
987 .
6129 .
In the study , researchers compared telomere lengths in the white blood cells in mothers of chronically ill children to those of mothers of healthy children ( Epel et al. , 2004 ) .
Explicit memories are those we consciously try to remember and recall .
Both instincts and reflexes are innate behaviors that organisms are born with .
4943 .
Processes that use an organic molecule to regenerate NAD+ from NADH are collectively referred to as fermentation .
Citizen Change , started by Sean “ Diddy ” Combs and other hip hop artists , pushed slogans such as “ Vote or Die ” during the 2004 presidential election in an effort to increase youth voting turnout .
A hallucinogen is one of a class of drugs that results in profound alterations in sensory and perceptual experiences ( [ link ] ) .
5202 .
After kingdoms , the subsequent categories of increasing specificity are : phylum , class , order , family , genus , and species ( [ link ] ) .
This statement is known as the Pauli exclusion principle , because it excludes electrons from being in the same state .
3607 .
5113 .
A nullification crisis emerged in the 1830s over President Andrew Jackson ’s tariff acts of 1828 and 1832 .
Regulation may occur when the DNA is uncoiled and loosened from nucleosomes to bind transcription factors ( epigenetic level ) , when the RNA is transcribed ( transcriptional level ) , when the RNA is processed and exported to the cytoplasm after it is transcribed ( post - transcriptional level ) , when the RNA is translated into protein ( translational level ) , or after the protein has been made ( post - translational level ) .
6399 .
This moiety ( functional group ) protects the nascent mRNA from degradation .
199 .
Many of these will be covered in later chapters , but let us detail a few here .
3132 .
Reification is an error of treating an abstract concept as though it has a real , material existence ( Sahn 2013 ) .
The tone was the neutral stimulus ( NS ) , which is a stimulus that does not naturally elicit a response .
Biologists can also specialize as biotechnologists , ecologists , or physiologists , to name just a few areas .
1810 .
Immune tolerance is crucial for maintaining mucosal homeostasis given the tremendous number of foreign substances ( such as food proteins ) that APCs of the oral cavity , pharynx , and gastrointestinal mucosa encounter .
3357 .
The sum of consumer surplus and producer surplus is social surplus , also referred to as economic surplus or total surplus .
In Near v. Minnesota , an early case regarding press freedoms , the Supreme Court ruled that the government generally could not engage in prior restraint ; that is , states and the federal government could not in advance prohibit someone from publishing something without a very compelling reason . Near v. Minnesota , 283 U.S. 697 ( 1931 ) .
Dead space is created when no ventilation and/or perfusion takes place .
Geographic and Demographic Differences
3501 .
Laws in several states barred marriage between Chinese and white Americans , and some cities with large Asian populations required Asian children to attend segregated schools .
5092 .
When we do this , we often experience jet lag .
2480 .
According to Zimmerman , Martin attacked him , and in the ensuing scuffle Martin was shot and killed ( CNN Library 2014 ) .
We can imagine that an army general or a Fortune 500 CEO would be an instrumental leader .
The war on terrorism after 9/11 has also strengthened the president ’s hand .
Soil distribution is not homogenous because its formation results in the production of layers ; together , the vertical section of a soil is called the soil profile .
Morton Grodzins coined the cake analogy of federalism in the 1950s while conducting research on the evolution of American federalism .
5804 .
An easy way to remember the distinction is by understanding the Latin origin of the prefixes : inter- means " between " ( for example , intersecting lines are those that cross each other ) and intra- means " inside " ( like intravenous ) .
The process of animal development begins with the cleavage , or series of mitotic cell divisions , of the zygote ( [ link ] ) .
1896 .
Okazaki fragments are named after the Japanese scientist who first discovered them .
In both criminal and civil matters , the courts decide the remedy and resolution of the case , and in all cases , the U.S. Supreme Court is the final court of appeal .
Thin filaments attach to a protein in the Z disc called alpha - actinin and occur across the entire length of the I band and partway into the A band .
The distance to the farthest object that can be seen clearly is called the far point of the eye ( normally infinity ) .
For example , a person sentenced to federal prison who thinks , “ This will give me a great chance to network with others , ” is using reappraisal .
Under strict scrutiny , the burden of proof is on the government to demonstrate that there is a compelling governmental interest in treating people from one group differently from those who are not part of that group — the law or action can be “ narrowly tailored ” to achieve the goal in question , and that it is the “ least restrictive means ” available to achieve that goal .
In this situation , the higher interest rates from the government borrowing would be made even higher by contractionary monetary policy , and the government borrowing might crowd out a great deal of private investment .
We use specific terms for the resonances in any system .
Neurons in the parietal lobe are involved in speech and also reading .
Imagine entering a classroom with an old analog clock .
In this protest , approximately fifteen thousand World War I veterans marched on Washington to demand early payment of their veteran bonuses , which were not due to be paid until 1945 .
This equilibrium state is referred to as the climax community , which will remain stable until the next disturbance .
33 .
Some $ 150 million worth of greenbacks became legal tender , and the Northern economy boomed , although high inflation also resulted .
77 .
6998 .
3686 .
If we pass light through smaller openings , often called slits , we can use Huygens ’s principle to see that light bends as sound does ( see [ link ] ) .
Meanwhile , Lincoln and military leaders in the North hoped a quick blow to the South , especially if they could capture the Confederacy ’s new capital of Richmond , Virginia , would end the rebellion before it went any further .
High school and the workplace fall into this category — one joined in pursuit of a diploma , the other in order to make money .
6364 .
4307 .
2524 .
1121 .
5114 .
In most cases , young scientists will complete one or two postdoctoral programs before applying for a full - time faculty position .
Therefore , a person ’s disposition is thought to be the primary explanation for her behavior .
Sequence mapping resulted from DNA sequencing technology that allowed for the creation of detailed physical maps with distances measured in terms of the number of base pairs .
The proclamation did not immediately free the slaves in the Confederate states .
3200 .
By far the most important influential thinker on socialism is Karl Marx .
Food needs to be broken into smaller particles so that animals can harness the nutrients and organic molecules .
Reactors designed specifically to make plutonium are called breeder reactors .
First , a firm receives money from the sale of its stock only when the company sells its own stock to the public ( the public includes individuals , mutual funds , insurance companies , and pension funds ) .
Another cognitive theory of depression , hopelessness theory , postulates that a particular style of negative thinking leads to a sense of hopelessness , which then leads to depression ( Abramson , Metalsky , & Alloy , 1989 ) .
In a few instances , frustrated Hispanic citizens fought back against the white settlers who dispossessed them of their belongings .
2086 .
Information transmitted through social media like Facebook is also likely to have a socializing effect .
This occurs in most bony fish , many reptiles , some cartilaginous fish , most amphibians , two mammals , and all birds .
Inflation does not refer to a change in relative prices .
6578 .
Progesterone assists in endometrial re - growth and inhibition of FSH and LH release .
A person at this stress level is colloquially at the top of his game , meaning he feels fully energized , focused , and can work with minimal effort and maximum efficiency .
Committed to protecting white workers by keeping slavery out of the lands taken from Mexico , Pennsylvania congressman David Wilmot attached to an 1846 revenue bill an amendment that would prohibit slavery in the new territory .
Polarization is the attribute that a wave ’s oscillations have a definite direction relative to the direction of propagation of the wave .
The actual number of atoms or molecules in one mole is called Avogadro ’s number ( NA ) ( NA ) size 12 { \ ( N rSub { size 8 { A } } \ ) } { } , in recognition of Italian scientist Amedeo Avogadro ( 1776 – 1856 ) .
451 .
4691 .
Reflexes help the newborn survive until it is capable of more complex behaviors — these reflexes are crucial to survival .
The development of complex language by humans has made cognitive learning , the manipulation of information using the mind , the most prominent method of human learning .
Seed plants resembling modern tree ferns became more numerous and diverse in the coal swamps of the Carboniferous period .
For example , when glucose is scarce , E .
The induced - fit model expands upon the lock - and - key model by describing a more dynamic interaction between enzyme and substrate .
Calculate the centripetal acceleration of a point 7.50 cm from the axis of an ultracentrifuge spinning at
4202 .
6569 .
Lophotrochozoa is named for two structural features , each common to certain phyla within the clade .
1975 .
Art Connection
3802 .
The first protein to bind to the RNA to initiate translation is the eukaryotic initiation factor-2 ( eIF-2 ) .
The phylum includes earthworms , polychaete worms , and leeches .
Heading to a going - away party for departing defense secretary Donald Rumsfeld in December 2006 , former president George W. Bush ( left ) walks with then - vice president ( and former secretary of defense ) Dick Cheney ( center ) , the prototypical twenty - first century foreign policy neoconservative .
Dynamics is the study of the forces that cause objects and systems to move .
4940 .
6451 .
3329 .
High - frequency sound waves are perceived as high - pitched sounds , while low - frequency sound waves are perceived as low - pitched sounds .
The national security advisor heads the president ’s National Security Council , a group of senior - level staff from multiple foreign policy agencies , and is generally the president ’s top foreign policy advisor .
Jonathan Weisman , “ Ryan ’s Budget Would Cut $ 5 trillion in Spending Over a Decade , ” New York Times , 1 April 2014 .
4357 .
Positrons created by the accelerator were brought to the same energy and collided with electrons in specially designed detectors . 2643 .
The foremost supporter of elite theory was C. Wright Mills .
6200 .
No longer would states need federal approval to change laws and policies related to voting .
4445 .
The National Voter Registration Act ( 1993 ) , often referred to as Motor Voter , was enacted to expedite the registration process and make it as simple as possible for voters .
6769 .
Elizabeth Cady Stanton .
It also helped spawn the Tea Party , a conservative movement focused primarily on limiting government spending and the size of the federal government . 2116 .
Among those who have completed college , the 2012 voter turnout rate jumps to 75 percent of eligible voters , compared to about 52.6 percent for those who have completed only high school .
It is an evolved , adapted response to variation in resource availability , and it is a common phenomenon found in all major groups of animals .
It outlawed discrimination on the basis of race , ethnicity , religion , sex , or national origin by most employers , and it created the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission ( EEOC ) to monitor employment discrimination claims and help enforce this provision of the law .
To compare the GDP of countries with different currencies , it is necessary to convert to a “ common denominator ” using an exchange rate , which is the value of one currency in terms of another currency .
Sometimes called “ sin taxes ” because they tend to be applied to goods like alcohol , tobacco , and gasoline , excise taxes have a regressive quality , since the amount of the good purchased by the consumer , and thus the tax paid , does not increase at the same rate as income .
Mood , on the other hand , refers to a prolonged , less intense , affective state that does not occur in response to something we experience .
In order to get into a prestigious college , you need to perform well on the SAT and have an impressive transcript .
“ On hand ” is a bit of a misnomer because , while a portion of bank reserves are held as cash in the bank , the majority are held in the bank ’s account at the Federal Reserve , and their purpose is to cover desired withdrawals by depositors .
Vascular tissue forms a ring in the stem ; in monocots , vascular tissue is scattered in the stem .
281 .
The answer is the Chair of the Federal Reserve Board of Governors .
Why is shaping needed ?
In gemmules , an inner layer of amoebocytes is surrounded by a layer of collagen ( spongin ) that may be reinforced by spicules .
These cells are present around the mouth and tentacles , and serve to immobilize prey with toxins contained within the cells .
1305 .
2781 .
People are more likely to share honest answers if they can respond to questions anonymously .
This is known as arbitrage , the process of buying and selling goods or currencies across international borders at a profit .
The market where loans are made to borrowers is called the primary loan market , while the market in which these loans are bought and sold by financial institutions is the secondary loan market .
Poll taxes required voters to pay a fee to vote .
Phytochromes have two photo - interconvertible forms : Pr and Pfr .
While the Church of England remained the official state religious establishment , the Toleration Act gave much greater religious freedom to nonconformists .
Most people and firms who are exchanging a substantial quantity of currency go to a bank , and most banks provide foreign exchange as a service to customers .
It has been estimated that on a clear night , the most sensitive sensory cells in the back of the eye can detect a candle flame 30 miles away ( Okawa & Sampath , 2007 ) .
Small hair - like extensions from these receptors serve as the sites for odor molecules dissolved in the mucus to interact with chemical receptors located on these extensions ( [ link ] ) .
7099 .
Burwell v. Hobby Lobby Stores , Inc. , 573 U.S. _ ( 2014 ) .
Together these two are collectively called the Black Death ( [ link ] ) .
Conservation laws are as scarce as they are important .
666 .
It allows menstrual flow to leave the body .
In 1966 , feminists who were angered by the lack of progress made by women and by the government ’s lackluster enforcement of Title VII organized the National Organization for Women ( NOW ) .
This type of pain is known as neuropathic pain .
In 1913 , California passed a law preventing all Asians , not just the Chinese , from owning land .
Why did the group risk alienating Democratic voters by preventing Sanders from speaking ?
Glial cells provide scaffolding on which the nervous system is built , help neurons line up closely with each other to allow neuronal communication , provide insulation to neurons , transport nutrients and waste products , and mediate immune responses .
Durkheim believed that individuals may make up society , but in order to study society , sociologists have to look beyond individuals to social facts .
2604 .
However , because a monopoly faces no competition , its situation and its decision process will differ from that of a perfectly competitive firm .
Other secondary groups , like a workplace or a classroom , also have formal leaders , but the styles and functions of leadership can vary significantly . Leadership function refers to the main focus or goal of the leader .
3880 .
For example most terrestrial plants form symbiotic relationships with fungi .
A device that exhibits significant self - inductance is called an inductor , and given the symbol in [ link ] .
Carbon that was obtained from atmospheric CO2 composes the majority of the dry mass within most plants .
A savings account typically pays some interest rate , but getting the money typically requires you to make a trip to the bank or an automatic teller machine ( or you can access the funds electronically ) .
Blood is actually a term used to describe the liquid that moves through the vessels and includes plasma ( the liquid portion , which contains water , proteins , salts , lipids , and glucose ) and the cells ( red and white cells ) and cell fragments called platelets .
That is , 1 B q = 1 decay / s .
2305 .
This implies that a conductor is an equipotential surface in static situations .
Mendez v. Westminister School District , 64 F. Supp . 544 ( S. D.
4238 .
Prohibition , as the anti - alcohol movement became known , had been a goal of many Progressives for decades .
2432 .
Exchanging one form of goods or services for another was known as bartering .
1627 .
The amendment passed the House by one vote , and eight days later , the Nineteenth Amendment was added to the Constitution .
When someone has two copies of the same allele , they are said to be homozygous for that allele .
Education is a social institution through which a society ’s children are taught basic academic knowledge , learning skills , and cultural norms .
There are two main types of filaments : thick filaments and thin filaments ; each has different compositions and locations .
Later presidents built on the foundation of these powers .
The response of plants to light is mediated by different photoreceptors , which are comprised of a protein covalently bonded to a light - absorbing pigment called a chromophore .
It requires the government to demonstrate that treating men and women differently is “ substantially related to an important governmental objective . ” This puts the burden of proof on the government to demonstrate why the unequal treatment is justifiable , not on the individual who alleges unfair discrimination has taken place .
Keep in mind that all leptons seem to be fundamental , whereasno hadrons are fundamental .
The person may talk loudly and rapidly , exhibiting flight of ideas , abruptly switching from one topic to another .
In the seventh and eighth centuries , Islam spread quickly across North Africa and into the Middle East .
Learning , like reflexes and instincts , allows an organism to adapt to its environment .
3939 .
This means that they grow best in the presence of oxygen using aerobic respiration , but can survive using anaerobic respiration when oxygen is not available .
388 .
A self - fulfilling prophecy is an expectation held by a person that alters his or her behavior in a way that tends to make it true .
Watson was a major proponent of shifting the focus of psychology from the mind to behavior , and this approach of observing and controlling behavior came to be known as behaviorism .
2274 .
That authority derived from the legislative power of Congress to “ establish a uniform Rule of Naturalization , ” enumerated in the Constitution .
Tight junctions form watertight connections between adjacent animal cells .
This relationship is known as Yerkes - Dodson law , which holds that a simple task is performed best when arousal levels are relatively high and complex tasks are best performed when arousal levels are lower .
2905 .
Some of these are symbolic , like private meetings in the White House or an appearance on the campaign trail .
In non - endospermic dicots , the triploid endosperm develops normally following double fertilization , but the endosperm food reserves are quickly remobilized and moved into the developing cotyledon for storage .
What Brandeis meant was that states could harness their constitutional authority to engage in policy innovations that might eventually be diffused to other states and at the national level .
6386 .
6220 .
For example , the courts have permitted religiously inspired blue laws that limit working hours or even shutter businesses on Sunday , the Christian day of rest , because by allowing people to practice their ( Christian ) faith , such rules may help ensure the “ health , safety , recreation , and general well - being ” of citizens .
6920 .
They all oscillate — - that is , they move back and forth between two points .
The doctrine did help Douglas in Illinois , however , where most voters opposed the further expansion of slavery .
One measure of this is the increased buying and selling of goods , services , and assets across national borders — in other words , international trade and financial capital flows .
The absence of insulation in ectothermic animals increases their dependence on the environment for body heat .
Solid - state radiation detectors convert ionization produced in a semiconductor ( like those found in computer chips ) directly into an electrical signal .
Secondary deviance occurs when a person ’s self - concept and behavior begin to change after his or her actions are labeled as deviant by members of society .
As the stimulus occurs over and over , we learn not to focus our attention on it .
Parthenogenesis is a form of asexual reproduction where an egg develops into a complete individual without being fertilized .
Osmosis is the diffusion of water across a membrane in response to osmotic pressure caused by an imbalance of molecules on either side of the membrane .
There are three living species of monotremes : the platypus and two species of echidnas , or spiny anteaters .
Farmers in Minnesota , North Dakota , and South Dakota hired migrant farmers to grow wheat on farms in excess of twenty thousand acres each .
When you soak a swollen ankle in Epsom salt , the water moves out of your body into the lower - concentration region in the salt .
In the real world , phenotypic variation among individuals within a population means that some individuals will be better adapted to their environment than others .
The hypothalamus controls the endocrine system by sending signals to the pituitary gland , a pea - sized endocrine gland that releases several different hormones that affect other glands as well as other cells .
5914 .
The valve separating the chambers on the left side of the heart valve is called the biscuspid or mitral valve .
Countries can also use regulation to forbid certain kinds of foreign investment in the first place or to make it difficult for international financial investors to withdraw their funds from a country .
Protostomes include arthropods , mollusks , and annelids .
It can be as minor as picking your nose in public or as major as committing murder .
Health insurance policies often have a copayment , in which the policyholder must pay a small amount ; for example , a person might have to pay $ 20 for each doctor visit , and the insurance company would cover the rest .
It causes the total amount of financial savings to grow dramatically over time .
Like ageism , homophobia is a widespread prejudice in U.S. society that is tolerated by many people ( Herek & McLemore , 2013 ; Nosek , 2005 ) .
Large electrostatic precipitators are used industrially to remove over 99 % of the particles from stack gas emissions associated with the burning of coal and oil .
Nor is this phenomenon restricted to nominations for the highest court in the land .
An innovation refers to an object or concept ’s initial appearance in society — it ’s innovative because it is markedly new .
2056 .
This is known as loss aversion , where a $ 1 loss pains us 2.25 times more than a $ 1 gain helps us , according to the economists Daniel Kahneman and Amos Tversky in a famous 1979 article in the journal Econometrica .
This insulation is important as the axon from a human motor neuron can be as long as a meter — from the base of the spine to the toes .
For many teenagers and young adults , losing a grandparent or another older relative can be the first loss of a loved one they experience .
708 .
3925 .
It acts as a movable base for the tongue and is connected to muscles of the jaw , larynx , and tongue .
1923 .
The vegetative body of a fungus is a unicellular or multicellular thallus .
Just as in atomic and nuclear physics , we have found a complex array of particles and properties with systematic characteristics analogous to the periodic table and the chart of nuclides . 3247 .
6567 .
283 .
Such programs are called the safety net , in recognition of the fact that they offer some protection for those who find themselves without jobs or income .
After becoming president in 1901 , Roosevelt pushed Congress to look for political corruption and influence in government and elections .
Since this 2012 decision , the ACA has continued to face challenges , the most notable of which have also been decided by court rulings .
4058 .
4633 .
Diarthroses are joints that allow for free movement of the joint , as in synovial joints .
Computer software manufacturers may often bundle together a number of different programs , even when the buyer wants only a few of the programs .
Even though the cytoplasm consists of 70 to 80 percent water , it has a semi - solid consistency , which comes from the proteins within it .
One way to increase new technology is to guarantee the innovator an exclusive right to that new product or process .
3065 .
While these are often used in combination with psychotherapy , they also are taken by individuals not in therapy .
Fine motor skills focus on the muscles in our fingers , toes , and eyes , and enable coordination of small actions ( e.g. , grasping a toy , writing with a pencil , and using a spoon ) .
In the loop of Henle , the filtrate continues to exchange solutes and water with the renal medulla and the peritubular capillary network .
Most marine invertebrates , on the other hand , may be isotonic with sea water ( osmoconformers ) .
1154 .
The nucleus is positive due to the presence of positively charged protons .
2904 .
Imitation is much more obvious in humans , but is imitation really the sincerest form of flattery ?
They support the muscles crossing the shoulder joint .
This can lead to a sense of xenophobia , which is an illogical fear and even hatred of foreigners and foreign goods .
However , broadcasters can show indecent programming or air profane language between the hours of 10 p.m. and 6 a.m .
Cosmology is the study of the character and evolution of the universe .
The GDP deflator , measured by the Bureau of Economic Analysis , is a price index that includes all the components of GDP ( that is , consumption plus investment plus government plus exports minus imports ) .
The excitement phase is the arousal phase of the sexual response cycle , and it is marked by erection of the penis or clitoris and lubrication and expansion of the vaginal canal .
5740 .
We develop social constructs based on interactions with others , and those constructs that last over time are those that have meanings which are widely agreed - upon or generally accepted by most within the society .
4841 .
There is a fourth version of the second law of thermodynamics stated in terms of entropy :
5406 .
4264 .
1391 .
Before that time is the TOE epoch , but we have almost no idea as to the nature of the universe then , since we have no workable theory of quantum gravity .
When you keep remembering something , to the point where you ca n’t “ get it out of your head ” and it interferes with your ability to concentrate on other things , it is called persistence .
In this example , we will call the gene for cleft chin “ B , ” and the gene for smooth chin “ b. ” Cleft chin is a dominant trait , which means that having the dominant allele either from one parent ( Bb ) or both parents ( BB ) will always result in the phenotype associated with the dominant allele .
3558 .
All the states except Rhode Island chose delegates to send to the meeting , a total of seventy men in all , but many did not attend .
265 .
GoutMammals use uric acid crystals as an antioxidant in their cells .
6095 .
5995 .
[ link ] illustrates how a pion would carry a force between a proton and a neutron .
1287 .
This scale is used particularly in applications where sound travels in water .
1902 .
Conversely , when the government receives more money in taxes than it spends in a year , it runs a budget surplus .
4880 .
The Lehrman Institute .
This does not guarantee a candidate will make it through the primaries , however .
49 .
The goal of the analyst is n’t really to encourage the implementation of any of the options ; rather , it is to make sure decision makers are fully informed about the implications of the decisions they do make .
Price indices are created to calculate an overall average change in relative prices over time .
70 .
MicrofilamentsOf the three types of protein fibers in the cytoskeleton , microfilaments are the narrowest .
While many suffered , others prospered .
Such differences are known as sexual dimorphisms ( [ link ] ) , which arise from the fact that in many populations , particularly animal populations , there is more variance in the reproductive success of the males than there is of the females .
5507 .
2184 .
Despite the loss of American lives on the Lusitania , President Wilson stuck to his path of neutrality in Europe ’s escalating war : in part out of moral principle , in part as a matter of practical necessity , and in part for political reasons .
Morgan and his colleagues , however , found that when such heterozygous individuals were test crossed to a homozygous recessive parent ( AaBb × aabb ) , both parental and nonparental cases occurred .
Together , the suburbs , exurbs , and metropolitan areas all combine to form a metropolis .
There is a net upward , or buoyant force on any object in any fluid .
6301 .
The mechanisms involved in the cell cycle are highly regulated .
Humans , consciously and subconsciously , are always striving to make sense of their surrounding world .
The electric field is defined as the force per unit charge on a test charge , and the strength of the force is related to the electric constant ε0ε0 size 12 { ε rSub { size 8 { 0 } } } { } , also known as the permittivity of free space .
Other liberties , however , do not derive from British precedents .
A negative correlation means that the variables move in opposite directions .
4429 .
Most private companies are relatively small , but there are some large private corporations , with tens of billions of dollars in annual sales , that do not have publicly issued stock , such as farm products dealer Cargill , the Mars candy company , and the Bechtel engineering and construction firm .
A classic example of a liberal internationalist is President Woodrow Wilson , who sought a League of Nations to voluntarily save the world after World War I .
According to Cooley , primary groups play the most critical role in our lives .
Short DNA fragments called probes are designed and labeled with radioactive or fluorescent dyes to aid detection .
In the 2014 congressional elections , PACs raised over $ 1.7 billion to help candidates and political parties .
Archaeopteryx is important in establishing the relationship between birds and dinosaurs , because it is an intermediate fossil , meaning it has characteristics of both dinosaurs and birds .
Proteins are one of the most abundant organic molecules in living systems and have the most diverse range of functions of all macromolecules .
Federal fiscal policies include discretionary fiscal policy , when the government passes a new law that explicitly changes tax or spending levels .
B. F. Skinner ( 1957 ) proposed that language is learned through reinforcement .
A species ’ life history describes the series of events over its lifetime , such as how resources are allocated for growth , maintenance , and reproduction .
During hibernation , ground squirrels can achieve an abdominal temperature of 0 ° C ( 32 ° F ) , while a bear ’s internal temperature is maintained higher at about 37 ° C ( 99 ° F ) .
The general equation for percentage changes between two years , whether in the context of inflation or in any other calculation , is :
5349 .
334 .
Other tactics , such as boycotting businesses of whose policies the activists disapproved , are also still common .
Interference microscopes enhance contrast between objects and background by superimposing a reference beam of light upon the light emerging from the sample .
Karyokinesis , also known as mitosis , is divided into a series of phases — prophase , prometaphase , metaphase , anaphase , and telophase — that result in the division of the cell nucleus ( [ link ] ) .
A polarization microscope also enhances contrast by utilizing a wave characteristic of light .
Descriptive ( or discovery ) science , which is usually inductive , aims to observe , explore , and discover , while hypothesis - based science , which is usually deductive , begins with a specific question or problem and a potential answer or solution that can be tested .
1217 .
2821 .
699 .
For instance , the Christian notion of the Holy Trinity ( God , Jesus , Holy Spirit ) defies the definition of monotheism , which is a religion based on belief in a single deity , to some scholars .
Gross motor skills focus on large muscle groups that control our arms and legs and involve larger movements ( e.g. , balancing , running , and jumping ) .
1867 .
The CNS is comprised of the brain and spinal cord ; the PNS connects the CNS to the rest of the body .
4960 .
The relaxation response technique combines relaxation with transcendental meditation , and consists of four components ( Stein , 2001 ) :
605 .
Clinton reminded the nation that children learn through action , and so we must speak up against violence and face evil acts with good acts .
Occupational licenses , which are typically issued by government agencies , show that a worker has completed a certain type of education or passed a certain test .
3117 .
George W. Bush ’s average approval rating from 2001 to 2008 was 49.4 percent .
Peripheral nations have very little industrialization ; what they do have often represents the outdated castoffs of core nations or the factories and means of production owned by core nations .
1111 .
It is an absolute temperature scale defined to have 0 K at the lowest possible temperature , called absolute zero .
Smooth muscle tissue occurs in the walls of hollow organs such as the intestines , stomach , and urinary bladder , and around passages such as the respiratory tract and blood vessels .
2655 .
The energy of the radiation is sufficient to excite atoms in a material that may fluoresce , such as the phosphor used by Rutherford ’s group .
2864 .
They will attempt to give people what they want in exchange for their votes . Dahl , Who Governs ?
1150 .
6370 .
A schema is a mental construct consisting of a cluster or collection of related concepts ( Bartlett , 1932 ) .
Another technique to combat stress , biofeedback , was developed by Gary Schwartz at Harvard University in the early 1970s .
Molecules that share the same chemical formula but differ in the placement ( structure ) of their atoms and/or chemical bonds are known as isomers .
Expected inflation also tells economists about how the public views the direction of the economy .
Demand was inelastic between points A and B and elastic between points G and H. This shows us that price elasticity of demand changes at different points along a straight - line demand curve .
[ link ] shows bond yield for two kinds of bonds : 10- year Treasury bonds ( which are officially called “ notes ” ) and corporate bonds issued by firms that have been given an AAA rating as relatively safe borrowers by Moody ’s , an independent firm that publishes such ratings .
This is an attempt to maintain social equilibrium and stability by making future decisions on the basis of already developed social roles ( Atchley 1971 ; Atchley 1989 ) .
Ion channel - linked receptors bind a ligand and open a channel through the membrane that allows specific ions to pass through .
Research suggests that this imitative learning involves a specific type of neuron , called a mirror neuron ( Hickock , 2010 ; Rizzolatti , Fadiga , Fogassi , & Gallese , 2002 ; Rizzolatti , Fogassi , & Gallese , 2006 ) .
When Keynes wrote his great work The General Theory of Employment , Interest , and Money during the Great Depression of the 1930s , he pointed out that during the Depression , the capacity of the economy to supply goods and services had not changed much .
650 .
Only some of the organisms in [ link ] have this trait , and to those that do , it is called a shared derived character because this trait derived at some point but does not include all of the ancestors in the tree .
Organs are collections of tissues grouped together performing a common function .
They include the familiar bread mold , Rhizopus stolonifer , which rapidly propagates on the surfaces of breads , fruits , and vegetables .
Yet readers still wanted to be entertained .
Basic science or “ pure ” science seeks to expand knowledge regardless of the short - term application of that knowledge .
A single individual can produce offspring asexually and large numbers of offspring can be produced quickly .
For centuries Europeans had mistakenly believed an all - water route across the North American continent existed .
Weather forecasts are usually made for 48-hour cycles .
7076 .
365 .
6202 .
Prosthetic groups are organic or inorganic , non - peptide molecules bound to a protein that facilitate its function ; prosthetic groups include co - enzymes , which are the prosthetic groups of enzymes .
5771 .
Depressive disorders are a group of disorders in which depression is the main feature .
3426 .
Torpor is a process that leads to a decrease in activity and metabolism and allows animals to survive adverse conditions .
3841 .
Accustomed to representative democracy , jury trials , and the defendant ’s right to appear before a judge , the Anglo - American settlers in Texas also disliked the Mexican legal system , which provided for an initial hearing by an alcalde , an administrator who often combined the duties of mayor , judge , and law enforcement officer .
3722 .
There are a series of other developmental characteristics that differ between protostomes and deuterostomes , including the mode of formation of the coelom and the early cell division of the embryo .
While illness , economic hardship , and racial tensions all came from within , another destabilizing factor arrived from overseas .
After the election , he moved quickly to enact his own brand of Progressivism , which he called a Square Deal for the American people .
As a result of these conditions , Communism was making significant inroads in both Italy and France .
In the 1950s , A.W .
Such programs are called the safety net , in recognition of the fact that they offer some protection for those who find themselves without jobs or income .
Sociologists , on the other hand , tend to define family more in terms of the manner in which members relate to one another than on a strict configuration of status roles .
Different strategies have different action plans associated with them ( [ link ] ) .
The small intestine is a long tube - like organ with a highly folded surface containing finger - like projections called the villi .
These concerns led Truman , along with Secretary of State George C. Marshall , to propose to Congress the European Recovery Program , popularly known as the Marshall Plan .
This is known as intergenerational mobility .
All cnidarians show the presence of two membrane layers in the body that are derived from the endoderm and ectoderm of the embryo .
This list of issues that concern local party members , like limiting abortions in a state or removing restrictions on gun ownership , are called planks , and they will be discussed and voted upon by the delegates and party leadership at the convention .
5510 .
The problem with both public and common goods is that since no one owns them , no one has a financial interest in protecting their long - term or future value .
Just as young children pretend to be doctors or lawyers , play house , and dress up , adults also engage in anticipatory socialization , the preparation for future life roles .
679 .
2491 .
6940 .
6733 .
3480 .
Genome mapping is the process of finding the locations of genes on each chromosome .
2914 .
A uniporter carries one specific ion or molecule .
Divided government occurs when one or more houses of the legislature are controlled by the party in opposition to the executive .
Comparisons of high and low incomes raise two different issues : economic inequality and poverty .
6579 .
2974 .
The movement also created a political party — the Greenback Party , so named for its support of print currency ( or “ greenbacks ” ) not based upon a gold standard — which saw brief success with the election of fifteen congressmen .
4578 .
Plants lose turgor pressure in this condition and wilt ( [ link ] ) .
Satellite glia provide nutrients and structural support for neurons in the PNS .
3318 .
2484 .
This committee is the first call for proposed bills , fewer than 10 percent of which are reported out of committee to the floor .
He expected the Royal Navy to transport his army to New York , where he thought he would join General Sir Henry Clinton .
After the war , Hovland continued his exploration of persuasion at Yale University .
Also , one investigation followed over 1,000 male medical students from 32 to 48 years .
6694 .
where i and f denote initial and final values .
Extinction is the decrease in the conditioned response when the unconditioned stimulus is no longer presented with the conditioned stimulus .
When the number of receptors decreases in response to rising hormone levels , called down - regulation , cellular activity is reduced .
Fearing future loss of the territory through military conflict , as well as desiring to create challenges for Great Britain ( which they had fought in the Crimean War ) , Russia had happily accepted the American purchase offer .
4712 .
In Article I , ten sections describe the structure of Congress , the basis for representation and the requirements for serving in Congress , the length of Congressional terms , and the powers of Congress .
There are two main corticosteroids : glucocorticoids such as cortisol , and mineralocorticoids such as aldosterone .
In the equation below , the reaction includes two hydrogen peroxide molecules and two water molecules .
The inner ear contains the semi - circular canals , which are involved in balance and movement ( the vestibular sense ) , and the cochlea .
6124 .
As opposed to a closed system , arthropods — including insects , crustaceans , and most mollusks — have an open circulatory system , as illustrated in [ link ] b .
Generally , our gender identities correspond to our chromosomal and phenotypic sex , but this is not always the case .
In vertebrates , the main photopigment , rhodopsin , has two main parts [ link ] ) : an opsin , which is a membrane protein ( in the form of a cluster of α - helices that span the membrane ) , and retinal — a molecule that absorbs light .
A specific combination of protons and neutrons is called a nuclide and is a unique nucleus .
Gap junctions in animals and plasmodesmata in plants are connections between the plasma membranes of neighboring cells .
For example , we could perhaps see the Second Amendment as standing for the common - law right to self - defense in the home ; the Third Amendment as a statement that government soldiers should not be housed in anyone ’s home ; the Fourth Amendment as setting a high legal standard for allowing agents of the state to intrude on someone ’s home ; and the due process and takings clauses of the Fifth Amendment as applying an equally high legal standard to the government ’s taking a home or property ( reinforced after the Civil War by the Fourteenth Amendment ) .
People sanction certain behaviors by giving their support , approval , or permission , or by instilling formal actions of disapproval and nonsupport .
According to Kennan , the Soviet Union was not so much a revolutionary regime as a totalitarian bureaucracy that was unable to accept the prospect of a peaceful coexistence of the United States and itself .
6571 .
While prejudice is not necessarily specific to race , racism is a stronger type of prejudice used to justify the belief that one racial category is somehow superior or inferior to others ; it is also a set of practices used by a racial majority to disadvantage a racial minority .
Amalgamation , also known as miscegenation , is achieved through intermarriage between races .
At this stage , the person is no longer able to adapt to the stressor : the body ’s ability to resist becomes depleted as physical wear takes its toll on the body ’s tissues and organs .
6684 .
Congress , it was decided , would consist of two chambers : the Senate and the House of Representatives .
The years since the Civil War have showed a pattern of attempted disenfranchisement , with gerrymandering and voter suppression efforts aimed at predominantly minority neighborhoods .
3024 .
Negative affectivity is a tendency to experience distressed emotional states involving anger , contempt , disgust , guilt , fear , and nervousness ( Watson , Clark , & Tellegen , 1988 ) .
5416 .
The new programs included Medicare and Medicaid , which are health insurance programs for seniors and low - income citizens respectively , and the food stamp program , which provides food assistance to low - income families .
A monopolistically competitive firm perceives a demand for its goods that is an intermediate case between monopoly and competition .
No sooner had the presidency been established than the occupants of the office , starting with George Washington , began acting in ways that expanded both its formal and informal powers .
This , however , pales in comparison to the amounts raised by political action committees ( PACs ) , which are organizations created to raise and spend money to influence politics and contribute to candidates ’ campaigns .
2561 .
Medical sociologists study the physical , mental , and social components of health and illness .
So the domestic and foreign policy realms are intertwined in terms of what we view as national priorities — whether they consist of nation building abroad or infrastructure building here at home , for example .
A second projective test is the Thematic Apperception Test ( TAT ) , created in the 1930s by Henry Murray , an American psychologist , and a psychoanalyst named Christiana Morgan .
Common Cause has also advocated that the Electoral College be done away with and that presidential elections be decided solely on the basis of the popular vote .
In the realm of foreign policy , Congress permitted the widespread use of executive agreements to formalize international relations , so long as important matters still came through the Senate in the form of treaties . Glen S. Krutz and Jeffrey S. Peake .
Once a person seeks treatment , whether voluntarily or involuntarily , he has an intake done to assess his clinical needs .
At the dew point temperature , relative humidity is 100 % , and fog may result from the condensation of water droplets if they are small enough to stay in suspension .
Shortly after , the Tillman Act ( 1907 ) was passed by Congress , which prohibited corporations from contributing money to candidates running in federal elections .
In 1890 , Dr. Charles Macune , who led the Southern Alliance , which was based in Texas and had over 100,000 members by 1886 , urged the creation of a national alliance between his organization , the Northwest Alliance , and the Colored Alliance , the largest African American organization in the United States .
4603 .
In some eukaryotic genes , there are regions that help increase or enhance transcription .
Mood states may not be consciously recognized and do not carry the intentionality that is associated with emotion ( Beedie , Terry , Lane , & Devonport , 2011 ) .
3885 .
2823 .
The incident mobilized groups representing civil rights , such as the protestors in [ link ] , as well as others supporting the interests of police officers .
4952 .
Policymakers of the high - income economies appear to have learned some lessons about fighting inflation .
Under the necessary and proper clause of Article I , Section 8 , the Supreme Court asserted that Congress could establish “ all means which are appropriate ” to fulfill “ the legitimate ends ” of the Constitution .
6519 .
3514 .
Hyposecretion of the corticosteroids can cause Addison ’s disease , which may result in bronzing of the skin , hypoglycemia , and low electrolyte levels in the blood .
General relativity encompasses special relativity and classical relativity in situations where acceleration is zero and relative velocity is small compared with the speed of light .
Hostile aggression is motivated by feelings of anger with intent to cause pain ; a fight in a bar with a stranger is an example of hostile aggression .
1078 .
What Selye discovered was the general adaptation syndrome , the body ’s nonspecific physiological response to stress .
5889 .
The discussion of money and banking is a central component in the study of macroeconomics .
6830 .
Hydrogen spectrum wavelength .
Other theorists , however , doubted that the physiological arousal that occurs with different types of emotions is distinct enough to result in the wide variety of emotions that we experience .
4310 .
Global climate change is the term used to describe altered global weather patterns , including a worldwide increase in temperature , due largely to rising levels of atmospheric carbon dioxide .
The amount of money a worker receives is based loosely on his or her lifetime earnings .
3974 .
SNAP can contribute to the poverty trap .
These definitions correlate to the concept that the dominant group is that which holds the most power in a given society , while subordinate groups are those who lack power compared to the dominant group .
When the hearing problem is associated with a failure to transmit neural signals from the cochlea to the brain , it is called sensorineural hearing loss .
If a firm faces lower costs of production , while the prices for the good or service the firm produces remain unchanged , a firm ’s profits go up .
2169 .
It has been linked with the development of both hypertension and heart disease .
Groups opposed to abortion argued that the buffer zone prevented them from speaking to women to try to persuade them not to have the procedure done .
In March 2011 , then - secretary of defense Robert Gates ( left ) held talks with Afghan president Hamid Karzai in Kabul , Afghanistan .
Rudolf Virchow later made important contributions to this theory .
Friction is a force that is around us all the time that opposes relative motion between systems in contact but also allows us to move ( which you have discovered if you have ever tried to walk on ice ) .
Organizations such as the Women ’s Christian Temperance Union and the Anti - Saloon League linked alcohol consumption with any number of societal problems , and they had worked tirelessly with municipalities and counties to limit or prohibit alcohol on a local scale .
The duodenum is separated from the stomach by the pyloric sphincter which opens to allow chyme to move from the stomach to the duodenum .
[ link ] and [ link ] show three standing waves that can be created on a string that is fixed at both ends .
Sometimes people will act on their prejudiced attitudes toward a group of people , and this behavior is known as discrimination .
2413 .
5420 .
The federal Head Start program , which is still active and successful today , was developed to give low - income students an opportunity to make up the preschool deficit discussed in Coleman ’s findings .
Instances of polygamy are almost exclusively in the form of polygyny .
The third whorl contains the male reproductive structures and is known as the androecium .
The first troops were deployed there in August 1990 , as part of Operation Desert Shield , which was intended to build U.S. military strength in the area in preparation for an eventual military operation . 7019 .
2616 .
1023 .
States also ignored instances of violence and intimidation against African Americans wanting to register or vote . Medvic , Campaigns and Elections .
1930 .
1251 .
Daily hassles — the minor irritations and annoyances that are part of our everyday lives ( e.g. , rush hour traffic , lost keys , obnoxious coworkers , inclement weather , arguments with friends or family ) — can build on one another and leave us just as stressed as life change events ( [ link ] ) ( Kanner , Coyne , Schaefer , & Lazarus , 1981 ) .
3964 .
Electrostatic repulsion in the leaves of the charged electroscope separates them .
5422 .
Hate crimes against Muslims have also increased since 9/11 , and many Muslims believe they are subject to racial profiling by law enforcement officers who suspect them of being terrorists .
1347 .
Lawrence v. Texas , 539 U.S. 558 ( 2003 ) .
The 1920s opened up new possibilities of mobility for a large percentage of the U.S. population , as automobile manufacturers began to mass produce what had once been a luxury item , and daring aviators both demonstrated and drove advancements in aircraft technology .
Soon after slavery was abolished by the Thirteenth Amendment , state governments — particularly those in the former Confederacy — began to pass “ black codes ” that restricted the rights of former slaves and effectively relegated them to second - class citizenship under their state laws and constitutions .
3900 .
4850 .
6934 .
1732 .
These powers stem from the elastic clause in Article I , Section 8 , of the Constitution , which provides Congress the authority “ to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the Foregoing powers . ”
The Federal Reserve also has some responsibility for supervising financial institutions .
156 .
1853 .
for instance , the Supreme Court ruled the National Labor Relations Act of 1935 constitutional , asserting that Congress can use its authority under the commerce clause to regulate both manufacturing activities and labor - management relations .
This concept was developed in theory by J. Robert Oppenheimer ( who led the development of the first nuclear bombs during World War II ) and was used by Gamow and others to describe α α size 12 { α } { } decay .
While many women can quickly repeat the sexual response cycle , men must pass through a longer refractory period as part of resolution .
( Review [ link ] . )
David Stout , “ Supreme Court Upholds Voter Identification Law in Indiana , ” New York Times , 29 April 2008 ; Crawford v. Marion County Election Board , 553 U.S. 181 ( 2008 ) .
It is possible to determine the approximate distance between genetic markers using cytogenetic mapping , but not the exact distance ( number of base pairs ) .
By coherent , we mean waves are in phase or have a definite phase relationship .
Fossils of this primate have been dated to approximately 55 million years ago .
A zygote begins as a one - cell structure that is created when a sperm and egg merge .
Although the sensory systems associated with these senses are very different , all share a common function : to convert a stimulus ( such as light , or sound , or the position of the body ) into an electrical signal in the nervous system .
In practical terms , therefore , water potential is the difference in potential energy between a given water sample and pure water ( at atmospheric pressure and ambient temperature ) .
A ligand is a molecule that binds another specific molecule , in some cases , delivering a signal in the process .
For example , molecular oxygen ( O2 ) is nonpolar because the electrons will be equally distributed between the two oxygen atoms .
Individuals who identify with the role that is the different from their biological sex are called transgender .
The journalists appealed to the Supreme Court .
4867 .
This outcome suggests that technology has created new avenues for obscene material to be disseminated .
In a time of crisis , like a severe economic depression , the president needed to take office almost immediately after being elected , and modern transportation allowed the new president to travel to the nation ’s capital quicker than before .
Another , equally famous , early accelerator is the cyclotron , invented in 1930 by the American physicist , E. O. Lawrence ( 1901 – 1958 ) .
993 .
The haploid multicellular plants are called gametophytes , because they produce gametes from specialized cells .
The first television advertisements , run by presidential candidates Dwight D. Eisenhower and Adlai Stevenson in the early 1950s , were mainly radio jingles with animation or short question - and - answer sessions .
The excitement phase is the arousal phase of the sexual response cycle , and it is marked by erection of the penis or clitoris and lubrication and expansion of the vaginal canal .
3369 .
The characteristic sound of a motorcycle buzzing by is an example of the Doppler effect .
After the colonial governor , William Cosby , had Zenger arrested and charged with seditious libel in 1835 , his lawyers successfully defended his case and Zenger was found not guilty , affirming the importance of a free press in the colonies ( [ link ] ) .
4051 .
404 .
Without regular interaction — the holding , hugging , talking , the explanations and demonstrations given to most young children — she had not learned to walk or to speak , to eat or to interact , to play or even to understand the world around her .
While a look at the Supreme Court typically focuses on the nine justices themselves , they represent only the top layer of an entire branch of government that includes many administrators , lawyers , and assistants who contribute to and help run the overall judicial system .
The actual change in frequency due to relative motion of source and observer is called a Doppler shift .
Some believe the increased collection of public opinion is due to growing support of delegate representation .
5147 .
People sometimes talk as if the U.S. economy , with its great size , is invulnerable to this sort of pressure from international markets .
In a federal system , power is divided between the federal ( or national ) government and the state governments .
Some argue that the United States is a nation of immigrants , whereas others demonstrate in support of greater restrictions on immigration .
A study by Michael S. Clune found that for each 10 % rise in the number of employed immigrants with no more than a high school diploma in the labor market , high school students reduced their annual number of hours worked by 3 % .
6659 .
790 .
4476 .
Obsessive - compulsive and related disorders are a group of overlapping disorders that generally involve intrusive , unpleasant thoughts and repetitive behaviors .
For example , a proposed tax increase may result in the formation or mobilization of anti - tax groups that will lobby the legislature and try to encourage the public to oppose the proposed legislation .
During periods of economic growth , unemployment tends to be lower .
Many workplaces offer diversity training to help everyone involved bridge and understand cultural differences .
Recall that the elasticity between these two points was 0.45 .
4833 .
Bronchi are innervated by nerves of both the parasympathetic and sympathetic nervous systems that control muscle contraction ( parasympathetic ) or relaxation ( sympathetic ) in the bronchi and bronchioles , depending on the nervous system ’s cues .
Freedom of the press is an important component of the right to free expression as well .
2762 .
People sanction certain behaviors by giving their support , approval , or permission , or by instilling formal actions of disapproval and nonsupport .
A protein called the sliding clamp holds the DNA polymerase in place as it continues to add nucleotides .
A - kinase regulates many vital metabolic pathways : It phosphorylates serine and threonine residues of its target proteins , activating them in the process .
( The matter is stationary on a macroscopic scale — we know there is thermal motion of the atoms and molecules at any temperature above absolute zero . )
One set of reasons why wages may be “ sticky downward , ” as economists put it , involves economic laws and institutions .
1800 .
Some local newspapers , in an effort to stay visible and profitable , have turned to social media , like Facebook and Twitter .
Procedural memory is a type of implicit memory : it stores information about how to do things .
In this ecosystem , the total energy accumulated by the primary producers ( gross primary productivity ) was shown to be 20,810 kcal / m2 / yr . Because all organisms need to use some of this energy for their own functions ( like respiration and resulting metabolic heat loss ) scientists often refer to the net primary productivity of an ecosystem .
5072 .
Electric field lines originate on positive charges and terminate on negative charges .
They are found in the stem , the root , the inside of the leaf , and the pulp of the fruit .
In addition , the immune system may sometimes break down and be unable to do its job .
The amnion protects the embryo from mechanical shock and supports hydration .
It acts directly on the nephrons and decreases glomerular filtration rate .
It is possible , for example , to determine the type of pollinator favored by a plant just from the flower ’s characteristics .
6 .
1364 .
These regions in the RNA that are not translated into protein are called the untranslated regions , or UTRs .
Social loafing occurs when our individual performance can not be evaluated separately from the group .
A total institution is one in which inmates or military soldiers live a controlled lifestyle and in which total resocialization takes place .
Autotrophic organisms that convert solar energy into chemical energy are called phototrophs , and they appeared within one billion years of the formation of Earth .
3527 .
The patella is embedded in the tendon of the femoral extensors ( quadriceps ) .
Each disturbance corresponds to a force , and forces add .
A tagged compound used for medical purposes is called a radiopharmaceutical .
President Obama relied on Vice President Biden for advice throughout his tenure .
The success of a study depends on how well a population is represented by the sample .
Norms define how to behave in accordance with what a society has defined as good , right , and important , and most members of the society adhere to them .
These symptoms include fatigue , sluggishness , irritability , and insomnia ( i.e. , a consistent difficulty in falling or staying asleep for at least three nights a week over a month ’s time ) ( Roth , 2007 ) .
3815 .
Relativity must be used whenever an object is traveling at greater than about 1 % of the speed of light or experiences a strong gravitational field such as that near the Sun .
1988 .
Poverty is measured by the number of people who fall below a certain level of income — called the poverty line — that defines the income needed for a basic standard of living .
1043 .
3990 .
4507 .
4929 .
In sleepwalking , or somnambulism , the sleeper engages in relatively complex behaviors ranging from wandering about to driving an automobile .
When the Supreme Court initially decided in 2008 that the Second Amendment protects an individual ’s right to keep and bear arms , it did not decide then that it was a fundamental liberty the states must uphold as well .
The company has since decided to relocate to Boston , after receiving incentives , worth up to $ 145 million , from Massachusetts officials .
6361 .
Because this sequence primes the DNA synthesis , it is appropriately called the primer .
After Spyer died in 2009 , Windsor received a $ 363,053 federal tax bill on the estate Spyer had left her .
Nonviolent crimes involve the destruction or theft of property but do not use force or the threat of force .
According to the National Institute of Mental Health ( NIMH ) , the most common mental disorders in the United States are anxiety disorders .
These are grouped into density - dependent factors , in which the density of the population at a given time affects growth rate and mortality , and density - independent factors , which influence mortality in a population regardless of population density .
In other words , many cases of cancer go undetected , which makes biomarkers unreliable .
Economists call this intertemporal decision making because it involves decisions across time .
6943 .
A substance or object that emits nuclear radiation is said to be radioactive .
3474 .
683 .
6638 .
The graph in [ link ] shows the absorption spectra for chlorophyll a , chlorophyll b , and a type of carotenoid pigment called β - carotene ( which absorbs blue and green light ) .
The conference is also a time to discuss petitions for certiorari , but for those cases already heard , each justice may state his or her views on the case , ask questions , or raise concerns .
5859 .
As the amount of time we sleep varies over our lifespan , presumably the sleep debt would adjust accordingly .
3811 .
This is the purchase of long - term government and private mortgage - backed securities by central banks to make credit available so as to stimulate aggregate demand .
These cells release the hormone atrial natriuretic peptide ( ANP ) in response to increased blood volume .
891 .
2843 .
There are several different types of neurotransmitters released by different neurons , and we can speak in broad terms about the kinds of functions associated with different neurotransmitters ( [ link ] ) .
The collective unconscious is a universal version of the personal unconscious , holding mental patterns , or memory traces , which are common to all of us ( Jung , 1928 ) .
Further subdivision of animals with three germ layers ( triploblasts ) results in the separation of animals that may develop an internal body cavity derived from mesoderm , called a coelom , and those that do not .
Rotation can be toward the midline of the body , which is referred to as medial rotation , or away from the midline of the body , which is referred to as lateral rotation .
The concentric zone model ( Burgess 1925 ) is perhaps the most famous example of human ecology .
[ link ] shows a patient in a circular array of detectors that may be stationary or rotated , with detector output used by a computer to construct a detailed image .
They act locally at the site of injury , and can also be transported to other tissues .
Baltes and Baltes ( 1990 ) based their theory on the idea that successful personal development throughout the life course and subsequent mastery of the challenges associated with everyday life are based on the components of selection , optimization , and compensation .
When you make a purchase with a credit card , the credit card company immediately transfers money from its checking account to the seller , and at the end of the month , the credit card company sends you a bill for what you have charged that month .
The seed , along with the ovule , is protected by a seed coat that is formed from the integuments of the ovule sac .
As a result , Virginia ’s delegates proposed a plan that called for bicameralism , or the division of legislators into two separate assemblies .
If Starbucks builds a new store , or Amazon buys robots , these expenditures are counted under business investment .
The PNS can be broken down into the autonomic nervous system , which controls bodily functions without conscious control , and the sensory - somatic nervous system , which transmits sensory information from the skin , muscles , and sensory organs to the CNS and sends motor commands from the CNS to the muscles .
628 .
Freud ’s stages are called the stages of psychosexual development .
Viruses have been used in gene therapy .
62 .
1141 .
From the moment President Obama was inaugurated for his second term , speculation began about who would run in the 2016 presidential election .
“ Prayer Pilgrimage for Freedom , ” http://kingencyclopedia.stanford.edu/encyclopedia/encyclopedia/enc_prayer_pilgrimage_for_freedom_1957/ ( April 10 , 2016 ) .
For an increasing cost industry , as the market expands , the old and new firms experience increases in their costs of production , which makes the new zero - profit level intersect at a higher price than before .
Functional fixedness is a type of mental set where you can not perceive an object being used for something other than what it was designed for .
The more general defense of its use by White House officials and attorneys ensures that the president can secure candid advice from his or her advisors and staff members .
With the implementation of the Second New Deal , Roosevelt also created the country ’s present - day social safety net .
3411 .
Since water is a polar molecule with slightly positive and slightly negative charges , ions and polar molecules can readily dissolve in it .
For one , each participant must sign an informed consent form before they can participate in the experiment .
Later , sociologist Manual Castells ( 1998 ) added the term fourth world to refer to stigmatized minority groups that were denied a political voice all over the globe ( indigenous minority populations , prisoners , and the homeless , for example ) .
The hypothalamus produces a polypeptide hormone known as antidiuretic hormone ( ADH ) , which is transported to and released from the posterior pituitary gland .
These free electrons can move through the material much as air moves through loose sand .
Vice presidents were often sent on minor missions or used as mouthpieces for the administration , often with a sharp edge .
What makes them the first true seed plants is that they developed structures called cupules to enclose and protect the ovule — the female gametophyte and associated tissues — which develops into a seed upon fertilization .
4423 .
4538 .
For example , in an automobile accident , the person responsible is compelled to compensate any others ( either directly or through his or her insurance company ) .
The endodermal lining of the archenteron ( or the primitive gut ) forms membrane protrusions that bud off and become the mesodermal layer .
An important membrane adaption for active transport is the presence of specific carrier proteins or pumps to facilitate movement : there are three types of these proteins or transporters ( [ link ] ) .
In 1896 , Adolph Ochs purchased the New York Times with the goal of creating a dignified newspaper that would provide readers with important news about the economy , politics , and the world rather than gossip and comics .
This phenomenon is called passive immunity ; it also occurs naturally during breastfeeding , which makes breastfed infants highly resistant to infections during the first few months of life .
Numerous facts sheets available through the government , nonprofits , and the private sector outline common safety measures , including the following : become familiar with privacy rights ; read privacy policies when making a purchase ( rather than simply clicking “ accept ” ) ; give out only the minimum information requested by any source ; ask why information is being collected , how it is going to be used , and who will have access it ; and monitor your credit history for red flags that indicate your identity has been compromised .
Although personal income tax revenues account for more total revenue than the payroll tax , nearly three - quarters of households pay more in payroll taxes than in income taxes . The income tax is a progressive tax , which means that the tax rates increase as a household ’s income increases .
Saliva also contains an enzyme called salivary amylase that begins the process of converting starches in the food into a disaccharide called maltose .
One approach to thinking about public policy is to see it as the broad strategy government uses to do its job .
First , the debacle of U.S. involvement in the civil war in Vietnam in the years leading up to 1973 caused many to rethink the country ’s traditional containment approach to the Cold War .
Harvard IOP , “ Trump , Carson Lead Republican Primary ; Sanders Edging Clinton Among Democrats , Harvard IOP Poll Finds , ” news release , December 10 , 2015 , http://www.iop.harvard.edu / harvard - iop - fall-2015-poll .
Classical liberalism believes in individual liberties and rights .
The central vacuole plays a key role in regulating the cell ’s concentration of water in changing environmental conditions .
7085 .
Sturtevant divided his genetic map into map units , or centimorgans ( cM ) , in which a recombination frequency of 0.01 corresponds to 1 cM .
Functions of the SER include synthesis of carbohydrates , lipids , and steroid hormones ; detoxification of medications and poisons ; and storage of calcium ions .
6703 .
This was generally a closed system , with people born into positions of nobility .
3661 .
Some chromosomes have sections of DNA that encode ribosomal RNA .
2657 .
The lymph fluid passes through lymph nodes before it returns to the heart via the vena cava .
40 .
4803 .
5261 .
The androecium has stamens with anthers that contain the microsporangia .
Because an epitope corresponds to such a small region ( the surface area of about four to six amino acids ) , it is possible for different macromolecules to exhibit the same molecular identities and orientations over short regions .
An internally displaced person , on the other hand , is neither a refugee nor an asylum - seeker .
Both factors ( supply shocks and changes in inflationary expectations ) cause the aggregate supply curve , and thus the Phillips curve , to shift .
This field looks at people ’s strengths and what helps individuals to lead happy , contented lives , and it moves away from focusing on people ’s pathology , faults , and problems .
In capillaries , this single layer of cells is the location of diffusion of oxygen and carbon dioxide between the endothelial cells and red blood cells , as well as the exchange site via endocytosis and exocytosis .
Germany , Singapore , and Canada all have universal healthcare .
In reaction , some embraced nativism , prizing white Americans with older family trees over more recent immigrants , and rejecting outside influences in favor of their own local customs .
The American Beverage Associationhttp://www.ameribev.org/ ( March 1 , 2016 ) . includes Coca - Cola , Red Bull North America , ROCKSTAR , and Kraft Foods .
As the protein passes along the Golgi ’s cisternae , it is further modified by the addition of more carbohydrates .
First , money serves as a medium of exchange , which means that money acts as an intermediary between the buyer and the seller .
The price elasticity of supply is the percentage change in quantity supplied divided by the percentage change in price . Elasticities can be usefully divided into three broad categories : elastic , inelastic , and unitary .
Instead , the rally was interrupted — and eventually co - opted — by activists for Black Lives Matter ( [ link ] ) .
This is known as intergenerational mobility .
3642 .
2595 .
After the price of pizza increases , he chooses B on the lower opportunity set and the lower indifference curve .
5338 .
They form two types of spores : megaspores ( female ) and microspores ( male ) .
In other words , both gender and sexuality are socially constructed .
A ring - like muscle called a sphincter forms valves in the digestive system .
1866 .
1859 .
5375 .
The fairness doctrine was instituted in 1949 and required licensed stations to cover controversial issues in a balanced manner by providing listeners with information about all perspectives on any controversial issue .
Ecosystems are characterized using a variety of research methodologies .
In some cases , the nervous system directly stimulates endocrine glands to release hormones , which is referred to as neural stimuli .
Then , mRNA can be produced by transcription of the viral DNA that was integrated into the host genome .
Your heart starts to pound and speeds up , you begin to breathe heavily and perspire , you get butterflies in your stomach , and your muscles become tense , preparing you to take some kind of direct action .
1144 .
3895 .
Thus , when legislators are negotiating over whether to support a piece of legislation , they commonly ask each other to include pork - barrel spending , legislation that benefits mainly a single political district .
3149 .
The Problem of the Zero Percent Interest Rate Lower Bound
To address this need , Robert Williams developed the first culturally specific projective test designed to reflect the everyday life experiences of African Americans ( Hoy - Watkins & Jenkins - Moore , 2008 ) .
Another type of protein embedded in the plasma membrane is a carrier protein .
6427 .
It contains the somatosensory cortex , which is essential for processing sensory information from across the body , such as touch , temperature , and pain .
For example , women may express their aggression covertly , for example , by communication that impairs the social standing of another person .
Sociologists identify different types of families based on how one enters into them .
8 .
Similarly , compound rates of economic growth , or the compound growth rate , means that the rate of growth is being multiplied by a base that includes past GDP growth , with dramatic effects over time .
1554 .
5741 .
Indeed , the general definition of potential energy is energy due to position , shape , or configuration .
3485 .
Exploring the simple pendulum a bit further , we can discover the conditions under which it performs simple harmonic motion , and we can derive an interesting expression for its period .
A vector is a quantity that has magnitude and direction .
Think about the software that is included in a new computer purchase , for example . Recall from the chapter on Monopoly that predatory pricing occurs when the existing firm ( or firms ) reacts to a new firm by dropping prices very low , until the new firm is driven out of the market , at which point the existing firm raises prices again .
Humans engage in aggression when they seek to cause harm or pain to another person .
Now let ’s combine these four terms .
They rejected colonization as a racist scheme and opposed the use of violence to end slavery .
2224 .
Their function is purely structural .
Another area in which the Supreme Court gradually moved to incorporate the Bill of Rights regards censorship and the Fourteenth Amendment .
When National Public Radio ( NPR ) engages in a fund - raising effort to help maintain the station , many listeners will not contribute .
1334 .
2054 .
The next step is to look at how the prices of those items change over time .
6123 .
6589 .
Phylum EchinodermataEchinodermata are so named owing to their spiny skin ( from the Greek “ echinos ” meaning “ spiny ” and “ dermos ” meaning “ skin ” ) , and this phylum is a collection of about 7,000 described living species .
His conclusions established differential association theory , which suggested that individuals learn deviant behavior from those close to them who provide models of and opportunities for deviance .
5929 .
In 2007 , the global GINI coefficient that measured the wealth gap between the core nations in the northern part of the world and the mostly peripheral nations in the southern part of the world was 75.5 percent ( Korseniewicz and Moran 2009 ) .
2673 .
Although it stated “ all persons held as slaves .
The need to strictly regulate the actions of lobbyists became especially relevant after the activities of lobbyist Jack Abramoff were brought to light ( [ link ] ) .
Her interviewer recommended her based on her qualifications , but she was never given the job because the clothing retailer wanted to avoid having to accommodate her religious practice of wearing a headscarf , or hijab .
4371 .
We now know that these EM emissions come from electrons transitioning between energy levels in individual atoms and molecules ; thus , they are called atomic spectra .
Certain brain areas monitor these differences to construct where along a horizontal axis a sound originates ( Grothe et al . , 2010 ) .
Female cones , or ovulate cones , contain two ovules per scale .
This percentage is expected to increase and will have a huge impact on the dependency ratio : the number of nonproductive citizens ( young , disabled , or elderly ) to productive working citizens ( Bartram and Roe 2005 ) .
6305 .
It was an early hint that Congress had the power to change the jurisdiction of the courts as it saw fit and stood ready to use it . In an atmosphere of perceived weakness , the first chief justice , John Jay , an author of The Federalist Papers and appointed by President George Washington , resigned his post to become governor of New York and later declined President John Adams ’s offer of a subsequent term . Associated Press .
However , as Justice Anthony Kennedy has said , “ An activist court is a court that makes a decision you do n’t like . ”
The distance from a node to an antinode is one - fourth of a wavelength , and this equals the length of the tube ; thus , λ = 4 L λ = 4 L size 12 { λ = 4 L } { } .
Researchers Clifford Shaw and Henry McKay ( 1942 ) studied crime patterns in Chicago in the early 1900s .
The oscillations in one rope are in a vertical plane and are said to be vertically polarized .
Vestibular sensation , which is an organism ’s sense of spatial orientation and balance , proprioception ( position of bones , joints , and muscles ) , and the sense of limb position that is used to track kinesthesia ( limb movement ) are part of somatosensation .
Democratic primary candidate Bernie Sanders arrived in Seattle on August 8 , 2015 , to give a speech at a rally to promote his presidential campaign .
This is known as loss aversion , where a $ 1 loss pains us 2.25 times more than a $ 1 gain helps us , according to the economists Daniel Kahneman and Amos Tversky in a famous 1979 article in the journal Econometrica .
Economists have no final consensus on whether a central bank should be required to focus only on inflation or should have greater discretion .
According to this theory , activity levels and social involvement are key to this process , and key to happiness ( Havinghurst 1961 ; Neugarten 1964 ; Havinghurst , Neugarten , and Tobin 1968 ) .
3707 .
4562 .
Closely related to currency are checkable deposits , also known as demand deposits .
More recent work in this area suggests that abnormalities in dopamine vary by brain region and thus contribute to symptoms in unique ways .
Near the end of the gene , the polymerase encounters a run of G nucleotides on the DNA template and it stalls .
3421 .
This type of transfer takes place in a forced - air furnace and in weather systems , for example .
1124 .
Built from sensations , but influenced by our own experiences , biases , prejudices , and cultures , perceptions can be very different from person to person .
Let ’s look at the first sin of the forgetting errors : transience , which means that memories can fade over time .
The thylakoid membrane encloses an internal space called the thylakoid lumen .
Commonly conferred in architecture and industrial design , this means someone has invented a new and original design for a manufactured product .
Annotation of gene sequences helps with basic experiments in molecular biology , such as designing PCR primers and RNA targets .
Under President Franklin Delano Roosevelt , the federal government began programs like the Work Progress Administration and Civilian Conservation Corps to combat unemployment and the Home Owners ’ Loan Corporation to refinance Depression - related mortgage debts .
Darwin envisioned this process as a branching event and diagrammed the process in the only illustration found in On the Origin of Species ( [ link]a ) .
With few exceptions , individual cells can not be seen with the naked eye , so scientists use microscopes ( micro- = “ small ” ; -scope = “ to look at ” ) to study them .
Different names are used for electromagnetic waves of different wavelengths : radio waves , microwaves , infrared radiation , visible light , ultraviolet radiation , X - rays , and gamma rays .
The stimulus package of 2009 is an example .
In some species , like sea spiders , an additional pair of appendages , called ovigers , is present between the chelicerae and pedipalps .
He advanced the idea of a concurrent majority , a majority of a separate region ( that would otherwise be in the minority of the nation ) with the power to veto or disallow legislation put forward by a hostile majority .
1998 .
4409 .
Once data is collected from both the experimental and the control groups , a statistical analysis is conducted to find out if there are meaningful differences between the two groups .
Fecundity is the potential reproductive capacity of an individual within a population .
Scientists who study cognition are searching for ways to understand how we integrate , organize , and utilize our conscious cognitive experiences without being aware of all of the unconscious work that our brains are doing ( for example , Kahneman , 2011 ) .
653 .
3541 .
They help to reduce transpiration ( the loss of water by aboveground plant parts ) , increase solar reflectance , and store compounds that defend the leaves against predation by herbivores .
241 .
The nucleic acids can be separated as whole chromosomes or fragments .
These banks ( and a few other firms ) , known as dealers , then trade the foreign exchange .
If we think of political positions along a spectrum from left to right , the median voter is in the middle of the spectrum .
6318 .
Since the total incoming momentum is zero , it is possible to create particles with momenta and kinetic energies near zero . 2639 .
For example , a four - year - old child who resents the arrival of a newborn sibling may act like a baby and revert to drinking out of a bottle .
Such materials are called ferromagnetic , after the Latin word for iron , ferrum .
Ballot fatigue occurs when someone votes only for the top or important ballot positions , such as president or governor , and stops voting rather than continue to the bottom of a long ballot .
In the gametangia , precursor cells give rise to gametes by mitosis .
Life tables may include the probability of individuals dying before their next birthday ( i.e. , their mortality rate ) , the percentage of surviving individuals dying at a particular age interval , and their life expectancy at each interval .
The even - numbered years between presidential years , like 2014 and 2018 , are reserved for congressional elections — sometimes referred to as midterm elections because they are in the middle of the president ’s term .
1337 .
Productivity growth is also closely linked to the average level of wages .
AmygdalaThe amygdala has received a great deal of attention from researchers interested in understanding the biological basis for emotions , especially fear and anxiety ( Blackford & Pine , 2012 ; Goosens & Maren , 2002 ; Maren , Phan , & Liberzon , 2013 ) .
Before this decision , unequal distributions of population enabled small groups of people in sparsely populated rural areas to have as much voting power as the denser populations of urban areas . 5299 .
These symptoms usually are opposite of the effects of the drug .
The use of language develops in the absence of formal instruction and appears to follow a very similar pattern in children from vastly different cultures and backgrounds .
Of course , some theories are less focused on the pessimistic hypothesis that the world ’s population will meet a detrimental challenge to sustaining itself .
Both Rogers ’s and Maslow ’s theories focus on individual choices and do not believe that biology is deterministic . 3918 .
The hormones epinephrine ( also known as adrenaline ) and norepinephrine ( also known as noradrenaline ) are released by the adrenal medulla .
The morphology of the simplest sponges takes the shape of a cylinder with a large central cavity , the spongocoel , occupying the inside of the cylinder .
Bipolar disorder used to be called manic depression because of the way people would swing between manic and depressive episodes . Depending on what definition is used , there is some overlap between mood disorders and personality disorders , which affect 9 percent of people in the United States yearly .
Their frustration led to the creation of the Southern Tenant Farmers Union ( STFU ) , an interracial organization that sought to gain government relief for these most disenfranchised of farmers .
866 .
6170 .
4810 .
1686 .
3010 .
Phloem tissue is composed of sieve - tube cells , companion cells , phloem parenchyma , and phloem fibers .
4566 .
As Indians were removed from their tribal lands and increasingly saw their traditional cultures being destroyed over the course of the nineteenth century , a movement to protect their rights began to grow .
1644 .
The posterior pituitary is significantly different in structure from the anterior pituitary .
Thus , an adoption certificate or driver ’s license issued in one state is valid in any other state .
Two additional Gestalt principles are the law of continuity ( or good continuation ) and closure .
5007 .
It was not surprising to see not only television news coverage but also blogs and tweets about President Obama ’s most recent nominees to the high court , Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan ( [ link ] ) .
5239 .
2407 .
( common name “ umbrella plant ” ) .
4605 .
Bullying is repeated negative treatment of another person , often an adolescent , over time ( Olweus , 1993 ) .
Each cell - surface receptor has three main components : an external ligand - binding domain , a hydrophobic membrane - spanning region , and an intracellular domain inside the cell .
They interact with other non - polar molecules in chemical reactions , but generally do not interact with polar molecules .
However , the cost structure of all firms can be broken down into some common underlying patterns .
The Fourteenth Amendment , in addition to including the equal protection clause as noted above , also was designed to ensure that the states would respect the civil liberties of freed slaves .
By lowering the surface tension of the alveolar fluid , it reduces the tendency of alveoli to collapse .
The phenomenon of driving a system with a frequency equal to its natural frequency is called resonance .
Because of the Constitution ’s civil rights guarantee , it is unlawful for a school or university run by a state government to treat students differently based on their race , ethnicity , age , sex , or national origin .
1026 .
When you learn , remember , and recall information , you are using crystallized intelligence .
2750 .
Even before the Citizens United decision allowed corporations and interest groups to run ads supporting candidates , shadow campaigns existed .
The meaning of “ equilibrium ” remains the same ; that is , equilibrium is a point of balance where no incentive exists to shift away from that outcome .
Examples of restrictive diseases are respiratory distress syndrome and pulmonary fibrosis .
It is sometimes called Poiseuille ’s law for laminar flow , or simply Poiseuille ’s law .
Under dual federalism , the states and national government exercise exclusive authority in distinctly delineated spheres of jurisdiction .
A conversion factor is a ratio expressing how many of one unit are equal to another unit .
A simple pendulum is defined to have an object that has a small mass , also known as the pendulum bob , which is suspended from a light wire or string , such as shown in [ link ] .
A waxy substance called suberin is present on the walls of the endodermal cells .
1486 .
The real value refers to the same statistic after it has been adjusted for inflation .
For example , if an accountant wants a pair of shoes , this accountant must find someone who has a pair of shoes in the correct size and who is willing to exchange the shoes for some hours of accounting services .
A person ’s metabolic rate is the amount of energy that is expended in a given period of time , and there is tremendous individual variability in our metabolic rates .
For more , see [ link ] .
5753 .
7078 .
6627 .
A community is the sum of populations inhabiting a particular area .
In a market economy , some companies are always going broke for a variety of reasons : old technology ; poor management ; good management that happened to make bad decisions ; shifts in tastes of consumers so that less of the firm ’s product is desired ; a large customer who went broke ; or tough domestic or foreign competitors .
The rate of heat transfer by emitted radiation is determined by the Stefan - Boltzmann law of radiation :
1064 .
Synapsids also include therapsids , which were mammal - like reptiles from which mammals evolved .
The parents are often strict , tightly monitor their children , and express little warmth .
The release of one or two phosphate groups from ATP , a process called dephosphorylation , releases energy .
982 .
1455 .
One of the closest cousins of GDP is the gross national product ( GNP ) .
110 .
Explicit ( declarative ) memory has two parts : semantic memory and episodic memory .
House Republicans felt the affair and Clinton ’s initial public denial of it rose to a level of wrongdoing worthy of impeachment .
Self - efficacy is our level of confidence in our own abilities , developed through our social experiences .
1995 .
2175 .
The Constitution also limits the Supreme Court ’s original jurisdiction to those rare cases of disputes between states , or between the United States and foreign ambassadors or ministers .
In many of the national economies across Europe , the rate of unemployment in recent decades has only dropped to about 10 % or a bit lower , even in good economic years .
To encourage industry , he gave each male immigrant fifty acres of land , tools , and a year ’s worth of supplies .
4544 .
6814 .
Section Summary
Calculating Comparative Advantage
Economic profit is total revenue minus total cost , including both explicit and implicit costs .
In direct command of the Army of the Potomac , the Union fighting force operating outside Washington , DC , McClellan believed , incorrectly , that Confederate forces were too strong to defeat and was reluctant to risk his troops in battle .
7072 .
The majority of known fungi belong to the Phylum Ascomycota , which is characterized by the formation of an ascus ( plural , asci ) , a sac - like structure that contains haploid ascospores .
It plays a role in memory formation and includes parts of the thalamus and hypothalamus as well as the hippocampus .
A supply curve is a graphic illustration of the relationship between price , shown on the vertical axis , and quantity , shown on the horizontal axis .
The World Health Organization makes a distinction between the various terms used to describe handicaps that ’s important to the sociological perspective .
There are several different types of angular movements , including flexion , extension , hyperextension , abduction , adduction , and circumduction .
It rose from 9.8 % in 1970 to 12.6 % in 2000 , and will be a projected ( by the U.S. Census Bureau ) 20 % of the population by 2030 .
Compact bone is organized into subunits called osteons , as illustrated in [ link ] .
5899 .
However , because of the process of recombination , or “ crossover , ” it is possible for two genes on the same chromosome to behave independently , or as if they are not linked .
3905 .
However , the Sugar Act required violators to be tried in vice - admiralty courts .
Lymph is a watery fluid that bathes tissues and organs with protective white blood cells and does not contain erythrocytes .
Therefore , although the light - independent reactions do not use light as a reactant , they require the products of the light - dependent reactions to function . 303 .
560 .
The American Political Economy : Institutional Evolution of Market and State .
Nuclear energy comes from processes that convert measurable amounts of mass into energy .
1660 .
Also , the transaction may be characterized by asymmetric information , in which one party has more information than the other regarding the economic transaction .
6171 .
3230 .
From 1985 to 1986 , for example , the average price of crude oil fell by almost half , from $ 24 a barrel to $ 12 a barrel .
5904 .
Each photosystem is serviced by the light - harvesting complex , which passes energy from sunlight to the reaction center ; it consists of multiple antenna proteins that contain a mixture of 300–400 chlorophyll a and b molecules as well as other pigments like carotenoids .
4448 .
227 .
4251 . suicidal ideation : thoughts of death ( not just fear of dying ) , thinking about or planning suicide , or making an actual suicide attempt .
Visible light is the narrow segment of the electromagnetic spectrum to which the normal human eye responds .
Secondary growth is characterized by an increase in thickness or girth of the plant , and is caused by cell division in the lateral meristem .
4855 .
A special interest group can pressure legislators to enact public policies that do not benefit society as a whole .
Later dubbed the Monroe Doctrine , this declaration of principles laid the foundation for the growth of American power in the twentieth century .
The cell outline is slightly irregular , and cells fit together to form a covering or lining .
The finding that conformity is more likely to occur when responses are public than when they are private is the reason government elections require voting in secret , so we are not coerced by others ( [ link ] ) .
Economies without money typically engage in the barter system .
With this type of development , there is gradual change .
Ideally , these models are accurate enough to determine which components of the ecosystem are particularly sensitive to disturbances , and they can serve as a guide to ecosystem managers ( such as conservation ecologists or fisheries biologists ) in the practical maintenance of ecosystem health .
Hypnosis is a state of extreme self - focus and attention in which minimal attention is given to external stimuli .
The ultimate showdown between national and state authority came during the Civil War .
2338 .
The vertical line at potential GDP may also be referred to as the long run aggregate supply ( LRAS ) curve .
Again , price is measured in dollars per gallon of gasoline and quantity supplied is measured in millions of gallons .
275 .
This was in addition to the country ’s almost $ 19 trillion of total debt — the amount of money the government owes its creditors — at the end of 2015 , according to the Department of the Treasury .
This is the purchase of long - term government and private mortgage - backed securities by central banks to make credit available so as to stimulate aggregate demand .
Weak interactions between the subunits help to stabilize the overall structure .
The monomers combine with each other using covalent bonds to form larger molecules known as polymers .
3205 .
Attacks based on a person ’s race , religion , or other characteristics are known as hate crimes .
Henry A. Wallace , a vice president under Franklin Roosevelt , formed a new Progressive Party , which had little in common with the earlier Progressive Party .
Once the current is established , it is thus also a constant .
1221 .
The race to the bottom scenario of global environmental degradation runs like this .
This regulatory body will patent three types of innovation .
6641 .
3121 .
Although the process by which a monopolistic competitor makes decisions about quantity and price is similar to the way in which a monopolist makes such decisions , two differences are worth remembering .
Unfortunately , the U.S. Census Current Population Survey of 2013 shows that 18 percent of people in the United States have no health insurance at all .
The answer is yes , and that physical quantity is called inductance .
The first step is to determine whether or not the system is in static equilibrium .
664 .
A recent survey of parents , for example , found that roughly a third of respondents expressed such a concern ( Kennedy , LaVail , Nowak , Basket , & Landry , 2011 ) ; and perhaps fearing that their children would develop autism , more than 10 % of parents of young children refuse or delay vaccinations ( Dempsey et al . , 2011 ) .
Finally , some mandates come in the form of partial preemption regulations , whereby the federal government sets national regulatory standards but delegates the enforcement to state and local governments .
The basolateral complex has dense connections with a variety of sensory areas of the brain .
Plasmids can be transferred independently of the bacterial chromosome during cell division and often carry traits such as antibiotic resistance . Transcription in prokaryotes ( and in eukaryotes ) requires the DNA double helix to partially unwind in the region of mRNA synthesis .
Amphiarthroses are joints that allow slight movement , including syndesmoses and symphyses .
Today , however , these models have been criticized for their linear and conventional assumptions as well as for their failure to capture the diversity of family forms .
This right to have a doctor help a patient die with dignity is controversial .
Eisenhower understood the message and began to send more agreements through the process as treaties .
Article 1 , Section 2 stipulated that “ Representatives and direct Taxes shall be apportioned among the several states .
Since light from the background and objects differ in phase , there will be different amounts of constructive and destructive interference , producing the desired contrast in final intensity .
2638 .
343 .
Marriage PatternsWith single parenting and cohabitation ( when a couple shares a residence but not a marriage ) becoming more acceptable in recent years , people may be less motivated to get married .
Clearly , individuals are both self - interested and altruistic .
As such , many buyers face a situation of asymmetric information , where the both parties involved in an economic transaction have an unequal amount of information ( one party knows much more than the other ) .
Between 1820 and 1860 , white American traders sold a million or more slaves in the domestic slave market .
This solitary and repetitive work style was a difficult adjustment for those used to more collaborative and skill - based work , whether on farms or in crafts shops .
While caffeine is generally considered a relatively safe drug , high blood levels of caffeine can result in insomnia , agitation , muscle twitching , nausea , irregular heartbeat , and even death ( Reissig , Strain , & Griffiths , 2009 ; Wolt , Ganetsky , & Babu , 2012 ) .
For example , if the ball were thrown upward , the gravitational force ( which is much smaller than the tennis racquet ’s force ) would eventually reverse the momentum of the ball .
They are especially useful when we want to recall larger bits of information such as steps , stages , phases , and parts of a system ( Bellezza , 1981 ) .
In this section , we will determine how the demand and supply model links those who wish to supply financial capital ( i.e. , savings ) with those who demand financial capital ( i.e. , borrowing ) .
Roles are patterns of behavior that we recognize in each other that are representative of a person ’s social status .
Lateral meristems facilitate growth in thickness or girth in a maturing plant .
505 .
The ovary houses one or more ovules , each of which will develop into a seed upon fertilization .
In September 1958 , Congress passed the National Defense Education Act , which pumped over $ 775 million into educational programs over four years , especially those programs that focused on math and science .
The vasa recta around it acts as the countercurrent exchanger .
So is the U.S. economy larger than other countries just because the United States has more people than most other countries , or because the U.S. economy is actually larger on a per - person basis ?
Isotopes are different forms of an element that have the same number of protons but a different number of neutrons .
Organized by A. Philip Randolph and Bayard Rustin , approximately twenty - five thousand African Americans gathered in Washington , DC , on May 17 , 1957 , to participate in a Prayer Pilgrimage for Freedom .
The Fourth Amendment , which protects Americans from unwarranted search and seizure of their property , was also new .
The project will use cutting - edge technologies such as adaptive optics in which the lens or mirror is constructed from lots of carefully aligned tiny lenses and mirrors that can be manipulated using computers .
3729 .
Internal female reproductive structures include ovaries , oviducts , the uterus , and the vagina , shown in [ link ] .
See , for example , “ States With and Without the Death Penalty , ” Death Penalty Information Center , http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/states-and-without-death-penalty ( March 4 , 2016 ) .
3081 .
Before discussing the steps a cell must undertake to replicate , a deeper understanding of the structure and function of a cell ’s genetic information is necessary .
Price controls are government laws that serve to regulate prices rather than allow the various markets to determine prices .
Manifest functions are the consequences of a social process that are sought or anticipated , while latent functions are the unsought consequences of a social process .
1331 .
Confederates are used to manipulate social situations as part of the research design , and the true , naïve participants believe that confederates are , like them , uninformed participants in the experiment .
The magnitude of the dipole is called the dipole moment . These two centers of charge will terminate some of the electric field lines coming from a free charge , as on a DNA molecule .
In strategic family therapy , the goal is to address specific problems within the family that can be dealt with in a relatively short amount of time .
Given the extraordinary diversity of life on the planet there must be mechanisms for speciation : the formation of two species from one original species .
This is painful when it occurs .
In congressional and local elections , incumbents win reelection up to 90 percent of the time , a result called the incumbency advantage .
4108 .
Although some Anti - Federalists , like Patrick Henry , were wealthy , most distrusted the elite and believed a strong federal government would favor the rich over those of “ the middling sort . ”
Compare this to the group 1 elements in the left - hand column .
People with personality disorders exhibit a personality style that differs markedly from the expectations of their culture , is pervasive and inflexible , begins in adolescence or early adulthood , and causes distress or impairment ( APA , 2013 ) .
3055 .
Examples of conflicts include ( 1 ) conflicting decisions among different courts of appeals on the same matter , ( 2 ) decisions by an appeals court or a state court conflicting with precedent , and ( 3 ) state court decisions that conflict with federal decisions .
4530 .
Above that is an understory of short shrubby foliage .
This insight suggests some skepticism about political proposals to encourage higher savings by providing savers with a higher rate of return .
What was initially a conflict to preserve the Union became a conflict to end slavery when Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation in 1863 , freeing all slaves in the rebellious states .
Indeed , state constitutions had bills of rights , which the first Congress used as the source for the first ten amendments to the Constitution .
5246 .
7002 .
There was , however , considerable controversy among James and his contemporaries over the exact definition of instinct .
In 1793 , the revolutionary French government sent Edmond - Charles Genêt to the United States to negotiate an alliance with the U.S. government .
Later , in the 1803 case of Marbury v. Madison , the U.S. Supreme Court established its own authority to rule on the constitutionality of laws , a process called judicial review .
That is , the only force acting on the object is the force of gravity .
A monetary policy that lowers interest rates and stimulates borrowing is known as an expansionary monetary policy or loose monetary policy .
It matters because the support of farmers in high - income countries is devastating to the livelihoods of farmers in low - income countries .
The stomata are typically located on the underside of the leaf , which helps to minimize water loss .
Yet , Paul Begala , a strategist with Bill Clinton ’s 1992 campaign , saw debates differently .
5446 .
The proteins of the kinetochore attract and bind mitotic spindle microtubules .
The magnitude of the elasticity has increased ( in absolute value ) as we moved up along the demand curve from points A to B .
Under the leadership of Martin Van Buren , New York ’s “ Bucktail ” Republican faction ( so named because members wore a deer ’s tail on their hats , a symbol of membership in the Tammany Society ) gained political power by cultivating loyalty to the will of the majority , not to an elite family or renowned figure .
Although the specific stressors for these occupations are diverse , they seem to share two common denominators : heavy workload and uncertainty about and lack of control over certain aspects of a job .
When discussing the structure of the government under the new constitution , the delegates from Virginia called for a bicameral legislature consisting of two houses .
5611 .
3039 .
4743 .
Although towns were left standing , houses and barns were burned .
6731 .
It can be similarly shown that total momentum is conserved for any isolated system , with any number of objects in it .
The fertility number is generally lower than the fecundity number , which measures the potential number of children that could be born to women of childbearing age .
5940 .
This concept , called relative fitness , allows researchers to determine which individuals are contributing additional offspring to the next generation , and thus , how the population might evolve .
2009 .
These pancreatic hormones are essential for maintaining stable levels of blood sugar throughout the day by lowering blood glucose levels ( insulin ) or raising them ( glucagon ) .
The Citizen Genêt affair , as it became known , spurred Great Britain to instruct its naval commanders in the West Indies to seize all ships trading with the French .
Other viruses induce hypoplasia , or decreased cell growth , in the leaves of plants , causing thin , yellow areas to appear .
3552 .
They are part of what is known as the party organization .
In addition , estrogens and progesterone are released from the developing follicles .
Ossification , or osteogenesis , is the process of bone formation by osteoblasts .
With the rapid growth of technology , and widely available mobile technology and social networking media , a new form of bullying has emerged : cyberbullying ( Hoff & Mitchell , 2009 ) .
3182 .
1939 .
What are the implications of this study ?
The follicles produce hormones that can be stored in the colloid or released into the surrounding capillary network for transport to the rest of the body via the circulatory system . 1515 .
One of the uses of this fact is that a conductor can be fixed at zero volts by connecting it to the earth with a good conductor — a process called grounding .
The American form of government is often , but erroneously , symbolized by a three - layer cake .
The press has had some assistance in performing its muckraking duty .
This type of redress is enforced by the federal Equal Employment Opportunity Commission ( EEOC ) .
In 1970 , the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) was created to oversee all environmental laws .
This type of learning occurs both through the formal education system and at home .
1145 .
896 .
183 .
There is evidence that the fungus is native to Africa and may have been spread throughout the world by transport of a commonly used laboratory and pet species : the African clawed toad ( Xenopus laevis ) . 2120 .
2795 .
Semi - permeable membranes are permeable ( or permissive ) to certain types of solutes and water .
6088 .
So , a given gene may code for the trait of hair color , and the different alleles of that gene affect which hair color an individual has .
The Affordable Care Act ( ACA ) will be funded through additional taxes to include :
6052 .
Prions and viroids are pathogens ( agents with the ability to cause disease ) that have simpler structures than viruses but , in the case of prions , still can produce deadly diseases .
In operant conditioning , the conditioned behavior is gradually modified by its consequences as the animal responds to the stimulus .
3307 .
From the definition of work , we see that those units are force times distance .
4786 .
3573 .
2539 .
The lack of contrast makes image interpretation very difficult .
4323 .
4146 .
4200 .
Phosphates are also often added to serine , threonine , and tyrosine residues of proteins , where they replace the hydroxyl group of the amino acid ( [ link ] ) .
2769 .
Had the Democrats retained the presidency in 2016 , the replacement for Scalia ’s spot on the court could have swung many key votes in a moderate or liberal direction .
Pregnancy begins with the fertilization of an egg and continues through to the birth of the individual .
Carl Jung ( [ link ] ) was a Swiss psychiatrist and protégé of Freud , who later split off from Freud and developed his own theory , which he called analytical psychology .
Consider a pharmaceutical firm deciding to develop a new drug .
On October 22 , Kennedy demanded that Soviet premier Nikita Khrushchev remove the missiles .
Situationism is the view that our behavior and actions are determined by our immediate environment and surroundings .
For example , a micro - level study might look at the accepted rules of conversation in various groups such as among teenagers or business professionals .
1044 .
On February 15 , 1933 , after delivering a speech from his open car in Miami ’s Bayfront Park , local Italian bricklayer Giuseppe Zangara emerged from a crowd of well - wishers to fire six shots from his revolver .
Products that are distinctive in one of these ways are called differentiated products .
788 .
If the AD curve crosses this portion of the SRAS curve at an equilibrium point like Ek , then certain statements about the economic situation will follow .
Paul Hitlin .
3671 .
Moreover , the power of inflation does not affect just goods and services , but wages and income levels , too .
The vascular tissue in the root is arranged in the inner portion of the root , which is called the stele ( [ link ] ) .
A cranium is a bony , cartilaginous , or fibrous structure surrounding the brain , jaw , and facial bones ( [ link ] ) .
Congress drafted a Declaration of Causes explaining the colonies ’ reasons for rebellion .
When such cells are carrying out photosynthesis , their plastids are rich in the pigment chlorophyll a and a range of other pigments , called accessory pigments , which are involved in harvesting energy from light .
The Dutch West India Company found the business of colonization in New Netherland to be expensive .
In endospermic dicots , the food reserves are stored in the endosperm .
The Social Security payroll tax is proportional up to the wage limit , but above that level it becomes a regressive tax , meaning that people with higher incomes pay a smaller share of their income in tax .
Some cells contain aggregates of macromolecules surrounded by membranes ; these are called organelles .
Jonathan Bernstein , “ They Spent What on Presidential Campaigns ? , ” Washington Post , 20 February , 2012 .
Natural selection acts at the level of the individual ; it selects for individuals with greater contributions to the gene pool of the next generation , known as an organism ’s evolutionary ( Darwinian ) fitness .
This layer multiplies into a band and then splits internally to form the coelom ; this protostomic coelom is hence termed schizocoelom .
5148 .
But as a young anti - suffrage representative waited for his vote to be counted , he remembered a note he had received from his mother that day .
Why would people give the wrong answer ?
5385 .
Gene therapy is a genetic engineering technique used to cure disease .
5619 .
Chronic underproduction of ADH or a mutation in the ADH receptor results in diabetes insipidus .
Electroencephalography ( EEG ) serves this purpose by providing a measure of a brain ’s electrical activity .
A more recent study by the EPA estimated that the environmental benefits to Americans from the Clean Air Act will exceed their costs by a margin of four to one .
In order for a trade deficit to take place , foreign countries must provide loans or investments , which they are willing to do because they expect they will be repaid eventually ( that the deficit will become a surplus ) .
221 .
2218 .
Quantitative sociology uses statistical methods such as surveys with large numbers of participants .
3810 .
4669 .
You may recall that 6 x 6 = 36 , 6 x 7 = 42 , and 6 x 8 = 48 .
Another method for assessment of personality is projective testing .
As a result , William “ Big Bill ” Haywood formed the more radical IWW , or Wobblies , in 1905 .
This was long after the passage of the Fourteenth Amendment in 1868 , which granted citizenship to African Americans but not , the Supreme Court decided in Elk v. Wilkins ( 1884 ) , to Native Americans .
771 .
These various roles and human benefits are referred to as ecosystem services .
Official statistics before the worldwide recession posit that the underground economy accounted for over 50 percent of nonagricultural work in Latin America ; the figure went as high as 80 percent in parts of Asia and Africa ( Chen 2001 ) .
In the case of monopoly , one firm produces all of the output in a market .
Other laws required the installation of certain equipment — for example , on automobile tailpipes or on smokestacks — to reduce pollution .
Self - inductance , the effect of Faraday ’s law of induction of a device on itself , also exists .
Matt Broaddus and January Angeles .
Likewise , interest rates that are not indexed mean that the lenders of money will be paid back in devalued currency and will also lose purchasing power on monies that were lent .
New York : Routledge .
An enzyme called poly - A polymerase then adds a string of approximately 200 A residues , called the poly - A tail .
The somatosensory cortex is organized topographically , which means that spatial relationships that exist in the body are maintained on the surface of the somatosensory cortex ( [ link ] ) .
That is , if a group initially favors a viewpoint , after discussion the group consensus is likely a stronger endorsement of the viewpoint .
These sharply focused foreign policy outputs tend to be exclusively the province of the president , including the deployment of troops and/or intelligence agents in a crisis , executive summits between the president and other heads of state on targeted matters of foreign policy , presidential use of military force , and emergency funding measures to deal with foreign policy crises .
6303 .
6901 .
Many companies are responding to these changes by structuring their organizations so that work can be delegated to work teams , which bring together diverse skills , experience , and expertise .
Later compiled as The Federalist and now known as The Federalist Papers , these eighty - five essays were originally published in newspapers in New York and other states under the name of Publius , a supporter of the Roman Republic .
It was a task Madison refused to do .
Finally , the right - hand portion of the long - run average cost curve , running from output level Q4 to Q5 , shows a situation where , as the level of output and the scale rises , average costs rise as well .
More than 260,000 species of tracheophytes represent more than 90 percent of Earth ’s vegetation .
By creating two institutional access points — the federal and state governments — the U.S. federal system enables interest groups such as MADD to strategize about how best to achieve their policy objectives .
The inputs are the average level of human capital per person , the average level of physical capital per person , and the level of technology per person — see [ link ] ( b ) .
261 .
618 .
A wide array of indexing arrangements is observed in private markets and government programs .
( Note that the American Psychiatric Association differs from the American Psychological Association ; both are abbreviated APA . )
These groups include such entities as environmental advocates , unions , and organizations that represent the interests of various businesses .
The connection between the sister chromatids is closest in a region called the centromere .
Intermediate filaments have no role in cell movement .
6708 .
) Implicit memories are memories that are not part of our consciousness .
5981 .
As the field winnowed from over twenty candidates down to three , the media incessantly compared everyone else in the field to Trump .
2304 .
Both paternal and maternal ancestors are considered part of one ’s family .
Some in the United States felt the country should again be isolationist as the world settled into a new political arrangement , including a vocal senator , Jesse Helms ( R - NC ) , who was against the United States continuing to be the military “ policeman ” of the world .
When oral arguments have been concluded , the justices have to decide the case , and they do so in conference , which is held in private twice a week when the Court is in session and once a week when it is not .
Sometimes people conform to norms in anticipation or expectation of positive sanctions : good grades , for instance , may mean praise from parents and teachers .
These tube feet help in attachment to the substratum .
Gibbons lost in New York state courts and appealed .
Some argue that newspapers and news programs are limiting the space they allot to discussion of the campaigns .
One of the earliest of these , the Ephrata Cloister in Pennsylvania , was founded by a charismatic leader named Conrad Beissel in the 1730s .
The storm of debate over how to allocate power between large and small states was eventually calmed by a third proposal .
Apical meristems contain meristematic tissue located at the tips of stems and roots , which enable a plant to extend in length .
This strategy can work like a silent form of cooperation , in which the cartel successfully manages to hold down output , increase price , and share a monopoly level of profits even without any legally enforceable agreement .
4062 .
1645 .
Later , however , as president himself , Lincoln used presidential war powers and the concepts of military necessity and national security to undermine the Confederate effort to seek independence for the Southern states .
3821 .
On the other hand , how we interpret those sensations is influenced by our available knowledge , our experiences , and our thoughts .
In the summer of 1781 , Cornwallis moved his army to Yorktown , Virginia .
3231 .
That is , light rays from one point on the object actually cross at the location of the image and can be projected onto a screen , a piece of film , or the retina of an eye , for example .
Each sequence is called a microstate — a detailed description of every element of a system .
1282 .
5437 .
Scientists refer to the measure of randomness or disorder within a system as entropy .
The act of entering into marriage while still married to another person is referred to as bigamy and is considered a felony in most states .
5650 .
4107 .
Like neurotransmitters , hormones are chemical messengers that must bind to a receptor in order to send their signal .
2238 .
The data in [ link ] is displayed in [ link ] which shows the relationship between two variables : length and median weight for American baby boys and girls during the first three years of life .
4112 .
Other scholars choose to divide natural sciences into life sciences , which study living things and include biology , and physical sciences , which study nonliving matter and include astronomy , geology , physics , and chemistry .
Cyclic AMP ( cAMP ) is degraded into AMP by phosphodiesterase , and the release of calcium stores is reversed by the Ca2 + pumps that are located in the external and internal membranes of the cell .
According to Kozak ’s rules , the nucleotides around the AUG indicate whether it is the correct start codon .
As other entrepreneurs flooded the area seeking a quick fortune , Rockefeller developed a plan to crush his competitors and create a true monopoly in the refining industry .
2129 .
In primary succession , newly exposed or newly formed land is colonized by living things ; in secondary succession , part of an ecosystem is disturbed and remnants of the previous community remain .
Chapel Hill , NC : UNC Press , 11 .
The large intestine , illustrated in [ link ] , reabsorbs the water from the undigested food material and processes the waste material .
Oleic acid is an example of an unsaturated fatty acid ( [ link ] ) .
174 .
Charles II was committed to expanding England ’s overseas possessions .
Albert Bandura ( 1994 ) theorized that an individual ’s sense of self - efficacy plays a pivotal role in motivating behavior .
Legal scholars and the courts have extensively debated the meaning of this privileges or immunities clause over the years ; some have argued that it was supposed to extend the entire Bill of Rights ( or at least the first eight amendments ) to the states , while others have argued that only some rights are extended .
883 .
In 1911 he put forward his theory in a book titled , The Principles of Scientific Management ( [ link ] ) .
2651 .
In the 1930s , the federal bureaucracy grew with the addition of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation to protect and regulate U.S. banking , the National Labor Relations Board to regulate the way companies could treat their workers , the Securities and Exchange Commission to regulate the stock market , and the Civil Aeronautics Board to regulate air travel .
2098 .
2217 .
99 . litmus or pH paper , filter paper that has been treated with a natural water - soluble dye so it can be used as a pH indicator , to test how much acid ( acidity ) or base ( alkalinity ) exists in a solution .
On appeal first to the Arizona Supreme Court and then to the U.S. Supreme Court to exclude the confession on the grounds that its admission was a violation of his constitutional rights , Miranda won the case .
While the strangely drawn districts succeeded in their stated goals , nearly quintupling the number of African American representatives in Congress in just over two decades , they have frustrated others who claim they are merely a new form of an old practice , gerrymandering .
Verizon and Coca - Cola will register to lobby in order to influence policy in a way that benefits them .
This major theme in the origin of eukaryotes is known as endosymbiosis , one cell engulfing another such that the engulfed cell survives and both cells benefit .
During metaphase , the “ change phase , ” all the chromosomes are aligned in a plane called the metaphase plate , or the equatorial plane , midway between the two poles of the cell .
It was not until the Court ’s 146th year of operation that Congress , at the urging of Chief Justice — and former president — William Howard Taft , provided the designation and funding for the Supreme Court ’s own building , “ on a scale in keeping with the importance and dignity of the Court and the Judiciary as a coequal , independent branch of the federal government . ”
Crustaceans have a chitinous exoskeleton that is shed by molting whenever the animal increases in size .
From schools to businesses to healthcare to government , these organizations , referred to as formal organizations , are highly bureaucratized .
Peptide bonds form between the amino group of the amino acid attached to the A - site tRNA and the carboxyl group of the amino acid attached to the P - site tRNA .
3981 .
6660 .
One reason is that employees who are paid better than others will be more productive because they recognize that if they were to lose their current jobs , they would suffer a decline in salary .
However , the fiscal hardships that plagued the government during the War of 1812 , coupled with the fragility of the country ’s financial system , convinced Congress and then - president James Madison to create the Second Bank of the United States in 1816 .
The rays themselves are called nuclear radiation .
Myofibrils are composed of smaller structures called myofilaments .
The Sons of Liberty circulated this sensationalized version of the events of March 5 , 1770 , in order to promote the rightness of their cause ; it depicts British soldiers firing on unarmed civilians in the event that became known as the Boston Massacre .
Psychologist Lawrence Kohlberg ( 1927–1987 ) extended upon the foundation that Piaget built regarding cognitive development .
3110 .
It may change in form or be transferred from one system to another , but the total remains the same .
Secondary data does n’t result from firsthand research collected from primary sources , but are the already completed work of other researchers .
Alzheimer ’s disease is the most common cause of dementia in the elderly .
The United States also participates in some less - prominent regional trading agreements , like the Caribbean Basin Initiative , which offers reduced tariffs for imports from these countries , and a free trade agreement with Israel .
Before conditioning , think of the dogs ’ stimulus and response like this :
Recall of false autobiographical memories is called false memory syndrome .
A third cabinet secretary , the secretary of homeland security , is critically important in foreign policy , overseeing the massive Department of Homeland Security ( [ link ] ) .
1006 .
The Economic Opportunity Act of 1964 was designed to help end poverty by creating a Job Corps and a Neighborhood Youth Corps .
It resolved the issue of slavery in the territories for the moment and prevented secession .
Do not confuse the balance of trade ( which tracks imports and exports ) , with the current account balance , which includes not just exports and imports , but also income from investment and transfers .
In further development , the neural tube will give rise to the brain and the spinal cord .
An individual protein is called a biomarker , whereas a set of proteins with altered expression levels is called a protein signature .
The letter n is used to represent a single set of chromosomes ; therefore , a diploid organism is designated 2n .
The system is called positron emission tomography ( PET ) .
The national security advisor heads the president ’s National Security Council , a group of senior - level staff from multiple foreign policy agencies , and is generally the president ’s top foreign policy advisor .
There are four different types of Archaean cell walls .
2962 .
In this case , a stimulus ( the reprimand ) is added in order to decrease the behavior ( texting in class ) .
5272 .
Economists , however , typically rely on broader measures such as the balance of trade or the current account balance which includes other international flows of income and foreign aid .
A microbial mat is a multi - layered sheet of prokaryotes ( [ link ] ) that includes mostly bacteria , but also archaea .
The local folding of the polypeptide in some regions gives rise to the secondary structure of the protein .
Therefore , people from varying cultural backgrounds can have very different cultural display rules of emotion .
Glycoproteins embedded in the viral envelope are used to attach to host cells .
Typically , affected children have to be supervised around the clock to ensure that they do not engage in excessive eating .
A rational society is one built around logic and efficiency rather than morality or tradition .
3187 .
Omega-3 fatty acids ( like that shown in [ link ] ) fall into this category and are one of only two known for humans ( the other being omega-6 fatty acid ) .
This theory originated with University of California – Berkeley professor Aaron Wildavsky and suggests that there are two distinct presidencies , one for foreign policy and one for domestic policy , and that presidents are more successful in foreign than domestic policy .
Ecosystem ecology is an extension of organismal , population , and community ecology .
In contrast to federalism , a unitary system makes subnational governments dependent on the national government , where significant authority is concentrated .
722 .
It was first characterized by James Parkinson in 1817 .
Cuboidal epithelial cells , shown in [ link ] , are cube - shaped with a single , central nucleus .
In central sleep apnea , disruption in signals sent from the brain that regulate breathing cause periods of interrupted breathing ( White , 2005 ) .
Together , the two are called a chromoprotein .
Communication between cells is called intercellular signaling , and communication within a cell is called intracellular signaling .
Conversely , if consumer or business confidence drops , then consumption and investment spending decline .
When a firm discovers a new technology that allows the firm to produce at a lower cost , the supply curve will shift to the right , as well .
5365 .
These groups were known as the Five Civilized Tribes , because they had largely adopted Anglo - American culture , speaking English and practicing Christianity .
A subculture is just what it sounds like — a smaller cultural group within a larger culture ; people of a subculture are part of the larger culture but also share a specific identity within a smaller group .
U.S. exports will be relatively more expensive , and the quantity of exports sold will fall .
6066 .
Conflict theory looks to social and economic factors as the causes of crime and deviance .
Quarks have been mentioned at various points in this text as fundamental building blocks and members of the exclusive club of truly elementary particles .
On January 24 , 1848 , James Marshall discovered gold in the millrace of the sawmill he had built with his partner John Sutter on the south fork of California ’s American River .
The resulting wave has a constant frequency , but a varying amplitude .
It now appears that the global decline in amphibian species recognized in the 1990s is , in some part , caused by the fungus Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis , which causes the disease chytridiomycosis ( [ link ] ) .
The stapes transmits the vibrations to a thin diaphragm called the oval window , which is the outermost structure of the inner ear .
The spike in LH causes ovulation : the most mature follicle , like that shown in [ link ] , ruptures and releases its egg .
Compulsions are repetitive and ritualistic acts that are typically carried out primarily as a means to minimize the distress that obsessions trigger or to reduce the likelihood of a feared event ( APA , 2013 ) .
In this system , a Green Party member is allowed to pick either a Democratic or Republican ballot when voting .
For Hamilton , the establishment of the Bank of the United States was fully within Congress ’s authority , and he hoped the bank would foster economic development , print and circulate paper money , and provide loans to the government .
The economies of Europe thrive with high levels of trade .
A public , on the other hand , is an unorganized , relatively diffused group of people who share ideas , such as the Libertarian political party .
1672 .
Complex II directly receives FADH2 , which does not pass through complex I .
6333 .
A cyclical process brings a system , such as the gas in a cylinder , back to its original state at the end of every cycle .
6391 .
3041 .
Kübler - Ross ’s work is generally considered a major contribution to thanatology : the systematic study of death and dying .
If the foreign DNA that is introduced comes from a different species , the host organism is called transgenic .
Examples include stores that sell different styles of clothing ; restaurants or grocery stores that sell different kinds of food ; and even products like golf balls or beer that may be at least somewhat similar but differ in public perception because of advertising and brand names .
As inflation fluctuates , so too does the nominal interest rate on loans to buy these goods .
4103 .
The hypothesis , which has also been called linguistic relativity , states that language shapes thought ( Swoyer 2003 ) .
The reaction center of PSII ( called P680 ) delivers its high - energy electrons , one at the time , to the primary electron acceptor , and through the electron transport chain ( Pq to cytochrome complex to plastocyanine ) to PSI .
5084 .
This strategy may be especially important for a company that sells goods through mail - order catalogs or over the web , whose customers can not see the actual products , because it encourages people to buy something even if they are not certain they want to keep it .
2403 .
Because nucleic acids are negatively charged ions at neutral or basic pH in an aqueous environment , they can be mobilized by an electric field .
When one firm purchases another , it is called an acquisition .
These newer groups tended to prefer more confrontational approaches , including the use of direct action campaigns relying on marches and demonstrations .
Economists consider goods like cable TV , cellphone service , and private schools to be toll goods .
He also proposed that each state remain sovereign , as its own republic .
Phrenology — the mapping of the cranium to specific human attributes — stands as an early type of science , related to what would become psychology and devoted to understanding how the mind worked .
In this section , we will look more closely at how media globalization and technological globalization play out in a sociological perspective .
The capital B represents the dominant allele , and the lowercase b represents the recessive allele .
The law of continuity suggests that we are more likely to perceive continuous , smooth flowing lines rather than jagged , broken lines ( [ link ] ) .
3454 .
1759 .
932 .
The offspring develops in the female and is born alive .
Why are Millennials a category and not a group ?
It is the main driver of water movement in the xylem .
Some people in the United States argue that the self - monitoring and self - regulating incentives provided by the existence of private goods mean that sound public policy requires very little government action .
Red bone marrow is found between the trabuculae .
Depression is a vague term that , in everyday language , refers to an intense and persistent sadness .
To explain the concept of conscious versus unconscious experience , Freud compared the mind to an iceberg ( [ link ] ) .
Mammals are vertebrates that possess hair and mammary glands .
4118 .
The Fifth Amendment , which requires among other things that people can not be deprived of their life , liberty , or property except by a legal proceeding , was also greatly influenced by English law as well as the protections granted to Virginians in the Virginia Declaration of Rights .
2850 .
6737 .
It is impossible in any system for heat transfer from a reservoir to completely convert to work in a cyclical process in which the system returns to its initial state .
2396 .
These sleep episodes are often associated with cataplexy , which is a lack of muscle tone or muscle weakness , and in some cases involves complete paralysis of the voluntary muscles .
In 1924 , the Indian Citizenship Act granted citizenship to all Native Americans born after its passage .
Together , the macula densa and juxtaglomerular cells form the juxtaglomerular complex ( JGC ) .
Carla sells glasses at an eyeglass store , and she earns a commission every time she sells a pair of glasses .
He further explained how the First Amendment right of free speech did not protect such dissent , in the same manner that a citizen could not be freely permitted to yell “ fire ! ” in a crowded theater , due to the danger it presented .
Marbury v. Madison , 5 U.S. 137 ( 1803 ) .
In 2008 , for the first time since 1972 , a presidential candidate intrigued America ’s youth and persuaded them to flock to the polls in record numbers .
The limbic system is made up of a number of different structures , but three of the most important are the hippocampus , the amygdala , and the hypothalamus ( [ link ] ) .
What do we mean by an external force ?
Population size and density are the two main characteristics used to describe and understand populations .
Words are formed by combining the various phonemes that make up the language .
Fungi can affect animals , including humans , in several ways .
The characteristics of foodborne illnesses have changed over time .
John Maynard Keynes ( 1883–1946 ) , one of the greatest economists of the twentieth century , pointed out that economics is not just a subject area but also a way of thinking .
4742 .
Vertical shoots may arise from the buds on the rhizome of some plants , such as ginger and ferns .
Aquaporins are channel proteins that allow water to pass through the membrane at a very high rate .
Hussein had in fact used WMDs against Iranian forces during his war with Iran in the 1980s , and against the Kurds in northern Iraq in 1988 — a time when the United States actively supported the Iraqi dictator .
Sphenodontia ( “ wedge tooth ” ) arose in the Mesozoic era and includes only one living genus , Tuatara , comprising two species that are found in New Zealand ( [ link ] ) .
4698 .
One axon can be myelinated by several oligodendrocytes , and one oligodendrocyte can provide myelin for multiple neurons .
1510 .
First , consider the labor - leisure budget constraint faced by this family in a situation without government assistance .
4444 .
1000 .
Today ’s news and media often address concerns about an antibiotic crisis .
Cytosine , thymine , and uracil are classified as pyrimidines which have a single carbon - nitrogen ring as their primary structure ( [ link ] ) .
Only certain materials , such as iron , cobalt , nickel , and gadolinium , exhibit strong magnetic effects .
1904 .
Eventually , however , the Supreme Court shifted direction to reflect public opinion , which was decisively behind the president and the need for government intervention in a time of economic turmoil .
Vectors can be added in any order .
The other form of polyploidy occurs when individuals of two different species reproduce to form a viable offspring called an allopolyploid .
Sometimes , as in the case of Bill Clinton and Al Gore , the partnership appeared to be smooth if not always harmonious .
Because 2005 is the base year , the nominal and real values are exactly the same in that year .
5837 .
45 .
By contrast , a market with many buyers and sellers is called a thick market .
Other channels called UHF ( for ultra high frequency ) utilize an even higher frequency range of 470 to 1000 MHz .
This general approach to political speech remained in place for the next fifty years .
The Great Depression of the 1930s brought economic hardships the nation had never witnessed before ( [ link ] ) .
4884 .
Many prominent Americans , including Jane Addams , former President Grover Cleveland , Andrew Carnegie , Mark Twain , and Samuel Gompers , felt strongly that the country should not be pursuing an empire , and , in 1898 , they formed the Anti - Imperialist League to oppose this expansionism .
Since the electric field has both magnitude and direction , it is a vector .
However , the aftermath of the Recession emphasizes that expansionary fiscal and monetary policies do not turn off a recession like flipping a switch turns off a lamp .
His ability to think deeply and clearly about action at a distance , particularly for gravitational , electric , and magnetic forces , later enabled him to create his revolutionary theory of relativity .
1815 .
Charles E. Gilliland .
One of the most common treatments for sleep apnea involves the use of a special device during sleep .
2237 .
3000 .
This ruling made it much harder for politicians to silence potential critics or to bankrupt their political opponents through the courts . 6110 .
Recent evidence has challenged this view of the development of the blastopore of protostomes , however , and the theory remains under debate . Another distinction between protostomes and deuterostomes is the method of coelom formation , beginning from the gastrula stage .
5297 .
1316 .
2280 .
They communicated and kept records using a system of colored strings and knots called the quipu ( [ link ] ) .
In 1971 , the Supreme Court heard the Pentagon Papers case , in which the U.S. government sued the New York Times and the Washington Post to stop the release of information from a classified study of the Vietnam War .
Specifically , carboxypeptidase , dipeptidase , and aminopeptidase play important roles in reducing the peptides to free amino acids .
Rescue workers responded by chanting “ U.S.A. , U.S.A. ! ” ( credit a : modification of work by the John F. Kennedy Library )
Under the council - administrator system , the voters elect council members to serve for a specified period of time , and the council in turn appoints an administrator to oversee the operation of the government .
Let ’s say Alejandro was dating Lucia and they saw the first Hobbit movie together .
In the wake of the Civil Rights Movement , African American representatives also began to enter Congress in increasing numbers .
A range of rapidly changing distortions can be minimized by deforming or tilting the tiny lenses and mirrors .
3908 .
Therefore , water is referred to as a solvent , a substance capable of dissolving other polar molecules and ionic compounds .
The bar indicates this is a particle of antimatter .
The cell is in a quiescent ( inactive ) stage that occurs when cells exit the cell cycle .
This kind of stress , which Selye called eustress ( from the Greek eu = “ good ” ) , is a good kind of stress associated with positive feelings , optimal health , and performance .
The points of sugar delivery , such as roots , young shoots , and developing seeds , are called sinks .
When Supreme Court justice Antonin Scalia died unexpectedly in early 2016 , many in Washington braced for a political sandstorm of obstruction and accusations .
5537 .
In everyday conversation , people rarely distinguish between the terms culture and society , but the terms have slightly different meanings , and the distinction is important to a sociologist .
Biomass is the total mass , in a unit area at the time of measurement , of living or previously living organisms within a trophic level .
1804 .
2178 .
The hypothalamus contains autonomic centers that control endocrine cells in the adrenal medulla via neuronal control . The pituitary gland , sometimes called the hypophysis or “ master gland ” is located at the base of the brain in the sella turcica , a groove of the sphenoid bone of the skull , illustrated in [ link ] .
In many seeds , the presence of a thick seed coat retards the ability to germinate .
Kinsey also developed a continuum known as the Kinsey scale that is still commonly used today to categorize an individual ’s sexual orientation ( Jenkins , 2010 ) .
4728 .
Pituitary dwarfism is characterized by symmetric body formation .
In sum , the modern synthesis describes how evolutionary processes , such as natural selection , can affect a population ’s genetic makeup , and , in turn , how this can result in the gradual evolution of populations and species .
But even if the budget constraint or a PPF shifts , scarcity remains — just at a different level .
The second type is the joint committee .
Metabolomics offers an opportunity to compare genetic makeup and physical characteristics , as well as genetic makeup and environmental factors .
1163 .
Motivation describes the wants or needs that direct behavior toward a goal .
18 .
Even as we improve access , we have failed to address an increasingly evident gap in e - readiness — the ability to sort through , interpret , and process knowledge ( Sciadas 2003 ) .
And it is far more problematic than even the mountains of broken plastic and rusty metal that plague the environment .
Proudhon believed economies could work using a principle called mutualism , under which individuals and cooperative groups would exchange products with one another on the basis of mutually satisfactory contracts ( Proudhon 1840 ) .
When this happens , a weak interaction occurs between the δ+of the hydrogen from one molecule and the δ – charge on the more electronegative atoms of another molecule , usually oxygen or nitrogen , or within the same molecule .
5055 .
( The reaction , e + + e − → γ + γ e + + e − → γ + γ size 12 { e rSup { size 8 { + { } } } + e rSup { size 8 { - { } } } rightarrow g + g } { } , conserves electron family number as well as all other conserved quantities . )
1466 .
The effect of a market exchange on a third party who is outside or “ external ” to the exchange is called an externality .
Utility patents are the first type .
3012 .
In addition , some of the campaigns led to violence against both the campaigns ’ leaders and ordinary people ; Rosa Parks , a longtime NAACP member and graduate of the Highlander Folk School for civil rights activists , whose actions had begun the Montgomery boycott , received death threats , E. D. Nixon ’s home was bombed , and the Freedom Riders were attacked in Alabama .
Electrical charges spontaneously pulse from the SA node causing the two atria to contract in unison .
26 August 2009 . and the latter of having used marijuana while a student and then a professor at Harvard University ( [ link ] ) .
The fixed ends of strings must be nodes , too , because the string can not move there .
Connective TissuesConnective tissues are made up of a matrix consisting of living cells and a non - living substance , called the ground substance .
5408 .
In some species , cells enter a brief interphase , or interkinesis , before entering meiosis II .
These nucleotide triplets are called codons .
6146 .
Each state legislature appointed delegates to the Congress ; these men could be recalled at any time .
Customers frequently complain that stores like Walmart care little about individuals , other businesses , and the community at large .
1851 .
In this case , a patient with insurance has an incentive to demand more care , but the healthcare provider , which is receiving only a fixed payment , has an incentive to reduce the moral hazard problem by limiting the quantity of care provided — as long as it will not lead to worse health problems and higher costs later .
Gel electrophoresis separates the nucleic acid fragments according to their size .
However , in 1989 , the Supreme Court decided in Texas v. Johnson that burning the flag was a form of symbolic speech protected by the First Amendment and found the law , as applied to flag desecration , to be unconstitutional . Texas v. Johnson , 491 U.S. 397 ( 1989 ) .
6461 .
Political scientists have taken note of some voting patterns that appear to challenge this common assumption , however .
2510 .
The experience of the past two centuries has suggested that the Anti - Federalists may have been correct in this regard ; while the states retain a great deal of importance , the scope and powers of the national government are much broader today than in 1787—likely beyond even the imaginings of the Federalists themselves . The struggle to have rights clearly delineated and the decision of the framers to omit a bill of rights nearly derailed the ratification process .
National party conventions culminate in the formal nomination of the party nominees for the offices of president and vice president , and they mark the official beginning of the presidential competition between the two parties .
Those in the other rope are in a horizontal plane and are horizontally polarized .
A larger sequence that is assembled from overlapping shorter sequences is called a contig .
Confidentiality means the therapist can not disclose confidential communications to any third party unless mandated or permitted by law to do so .
The Supreme Court , for example , has held that the Ninth Amendment protects the right to privacy even though none of the preceding amendments explicitly mentions this right .
By the 1960s , social welfare had become a major function of the federal government — one to which most public policy funds are devoted — and had developed to serve several overlapping functions .
Researchers Robert Yerkes ( pronounced “ Yerk - EES ” ) and John Dodson discovered that the optimal arousal level depends on the complexity and difficulty of the task to be performed ( [ link ] ) .
To date , a few MACHOs have been observed , but not predominantly in galactic halos , nor in the numbers needed to explain dark matter .
With the recession still ongoing , the Fed decided to adopt an innovative and nontraditional policy known as quantitative easing ( QE ) .
279 .
1039 .
Over time , productivity grows so that the same quantity of labor can produce more output .
In sociology , a theory is a way to explain different aspects of social interactions and to create a testable proposition , called a hypothesis , about society ( Allan 2006 ) .
1840 .
3146 .
875 .
Therefore , a prezygotic barrier is a mechanism that blocks reproduction from taking place ; this includes barriers that prevent fertilization when organisms attempt reproduction .
Rachel Caron . 1962 .
2607 .
There is less agreement over whether , in addition to automatic stabilizers , governments in a recession should try to adopt discretionary fiscal policy of additional tax cuts or spending increases .
DNA barcoding is one molecular genetic method , which takes advantage of rapid evolution in a mitochondrial gene present in eukaryotes , excepting the plants , to identify species using the sequence of portions of the gene .
Perhaps Congress ’s most powerful oversight tool is the Government Accountability Office ( GAO ) . http://www.gao.gov/ ( May 1 , 2016 ) .
Infected cells are identified and destroyed by natural killer ( NK ) cells , lymphocytes that can kill cells infected with viruses or tumor cells ( abnormal cells that uncontrollably divide and invade other tissue ) .
A host is the organism that is invaded and often harmed by a pathogen .
These assemblies mark the points of later chiasmata and mediate the multistep process of crossover — or genetic recombination — between the non - sister chromatids .
A new piece of legislation aims to take this approach further .
About 40 % – 60 % of individuals relapse , which means they return to abusing drugs and/or alcohol after a period of improvement ( National Institute on Drug Abuse [ NIDA ] , 2008 ) .
Sleep can be divided into two different general phases : REM sleep and non - REM ( NREM ) sleep .
The election of President Franklin Delano Roosevelt signaled both immediate relief for the American public as well as a permanent shift in the role of the federal government in guiding the economy and providing direct assistance to the people , albeit through expensive programs that made extensive budget deficits commonplace .
However , it fluctuates more noticeably than consumption .
On the inside of the kidney , the renal pelvis branches out into two or three extensions called the major calyces , which further branch into the minor calyces .
Pavlov ( 1849 – 1936 ) , a Russian scientist , performed extensive research on dogs and is best known for his experiments in classical conditioning ( [ link ] ) .
For instance , Apple designs its next - generation Mac prototype in the United States , components are made in various peripheral nations , they are then shipped to another peripheral nation such as Malaysia for assembly , and tech support is outsourced to India . Globalization has also led to the development of global commodity chains , where internationally integrated economic links connect workers and corporations for the purpose of manufacture and marketing ( Plahe 2005 ) .
For example , two species of frogs inhabit the same area , but one reproduces from January to March , whereas the other reproduces from March to May ( [ link ] ) .
363 .
Miller v. California , 413 U.S. 15 ( 1973 ) .
We might commonly think about work interfering with family , but it is also the case that family responsibilities may conflict with work obligations ( Carlson , Kacmar , & Williams , 2000 ) .
It is clearly possible — and perhaps sometimes necessary — for a converging economy ( the economy of a country that demonstrates the ability to catch up to the technology leaders ) to live with a degree of uncertainty over inflation that would be politically unacceptable in the high - income economies .
5295 .
A researcher will need to do some legwork to track them down and gain access to records .
418 .
Religious beliefs are specific ideas members of a particular faith hold to be true , such as that Jesus Christ was the son of God , or that reincarnation exists .
The GCCI is a United States Agency for International Development ( USAID ) funding program intended to improve the economic and environmental sustainability of peripheral and semi - peripheral countries by encouraging the use of alternative , low - carbon , energy sources with financial incentives .
Every research method comes with plusses and minuses , and the topic of study strongly influences which method or methods are put to use .
With dozens of different forms , carotenoids are a much larger group of pigments .
For example , a higher - income household might eat fewer hamburgers or be less likely to buy a used car , and instead eat more steak and buy a new car .
“ Update 2016 , ” https://www.ssa.gov/pubs/EN-05-10003.pdf ( March 1 , 2016 ) .
The Republicans also passed the Legal Tender Act of 1862 , calling for paper money — known as greenbacks — to be printed [ link ] ) .
6618 .
Fifty - five delegates arrived in Philadelphia in May 1787 for the meeting that became known as the Constitutional Convention .
Some state legislatures have more restrictive rules concerning the number of bills any one member can sponsor .
While Reagan was able to work with Congress to reduce some aspects of the federal bureaucracy , he contributed to its expansion in other ways , particularly in his efforts to fight the Cold War .
The mouth or anus develops from a structure called the blastopore ( [ link ] ) .
523 .
A theory is a simplified representation of how two or more variables interact with each other .
Cognitive - behavioral therapy is a type of psychotherapy that focuses on cognitive processes and problem behaviors .
The hilum is the concave part of the bean - shape where blood vessels and nerves enter and exit the kidney ; it is also the point of exit for the ureters .
2741 .
But , the right to vote did not yet apply to women or to Native Americans .
Curve B in [ link ] represents an overdamped system .
In each pair , one type of entertainment is considered high - brow and the other low - brow .
As societies modernize , the status of elders decreases , and they are increasingly likely to experience social exclusion .
The iliac artery takes blood to the lower limbs .
People wanted to know what was happening , and they wanted to know immediately .
4387 .
2661 .
At the same time , however , it appears that the public mood may have shifted somewhat against the death penalty , perhaps due in part to an overall decline in violent crime .
Convection is the heat transfer by the macroscopic movement of a fluid .
The abbreviation AM stands for amplitude modulation , which is the method for placing information on these waves .
We have attitudes for many things ranging from products that we might pick up in the supermarket to people around the world to political policies .
Let ’s begin with a brief overview of the spectacular patterns of economic growth around the world in the last two centuries , commonly referred to as the period of modern economic growth .
This question arose again in 2015 as the Iran Nuclear Agreement was being completed .
The Cherokees remember this journey as the Trail of Tears .
Cryptochromes set the plants 24-hour activity cycle , also know as its circadian rhythem , using blue light cues .
This equation is a form of the work - energy theorem for conservative forces ; it is known as the conservation of mechanical energy principle .
Since behavior varies from one culture to another , what may be expected and considered appropriate in one culture may not be viewed as such in other cultures .
2182 .
Typically , the incidence , or burden , of a tax falls both on the consumers and producers of the taxed good .
( Note that this is an exception to the normal rule in mathematics that the independent variable ( x ) goes on the horizontal axis and the dependent variable ( y ) goes on the vertical .
This method was known as cost - plus regulation .
However , the United States often feared that the Soviets were making greater strides in developing technology with potential military applications .
470 .
Sociologist David Aberle ( 1966 ) addresses this question by developing categories that distinguish among social movements based on what they want to change and how much change they want .
295 .
Glycolysis is the first step in the breakdown of glucose to extract energy for cellular metabolism .
Gamma decay is the simplest form of nuclear decay — it is the emission of energetic photons by nuclei left in an excited state by some earlier process .
The treatment of insomnia likely would include stress management techniques and changes in problematic behaviors that could contribute to insomnia ( e.g. , spending more waking time in bed ) .
4012 .
It is also believed that strong emotions trigger the formation of strong memories , and weaker emotional experiences form weaker memories ; this is called arousal theory ( Christianson , 1992 ) .
4140 .
The physicist chooses Earth because it is very nearly an inertial frame of reference — one in which all forces are real ( that is , in which all forces have an identifiable physical origin ) .
In both cases , they are transmembrane proteins .
The rotation angle is the amount of rotation and is analogous to linear distance .
Protein shape is critical to its function , and this shape is maintained by many different types of chemical bonds .
This study supports the argument that shrinking sound bites are a way for journalists to control the story and add their own analysis rather than just report on it .
GDP per capita is only an average .
In transformation , the prokaryote takes in DNA found in its environment that is shed by other prokaryotes .
An atom is composed of two regions : the nucleus , which is in the center of the atom and contains protons and neutrons , and the outermost region of the atom which holds its electrons in orbit around the nucleus , as illustrated in [ link ] .
3392 .
Since science studies only observable phenomena and the mind is not directly observable , we expand this definition to the scientific study of mind and behavior . The scientific study of any aspect of the world uses the scientific method to acquire knowledge .
1171 .
5985 .
445 .
When the new cell walls are in place , the daughter cells separate .
Selective migration is the concept that people choose to move to places that are compatible with their personalities and needs .
As former Supreme Court justice Benjamin Cardozo summarized it years ago , “ Adherence to precedent must then be the rule rather than the exception if litigants are to have faith in the even - handed administration of justice in the courts . ”
Short - term Stress ResponseWhen presented with a stressful situation , the body responds by calling for the release of hormones that provide a burst of energy .
At that time Yerkes was the president of the 25-year - old American Psychological Association ( APA ) .
People with high emotional intelligence typically have well - developed social skills .
Relative humidity tells us how much water vapor is in the air compared with the maximum possible .
The legislation ’s purpose , as noted on dodd-frank.com is :
In some cases , the person will exhibit catatonic behaviors , which show decreased reactivity to the environment , such as posturing , in which the person maintains a rigid and bizarre posture for long periods of time , or catatonic stupor , a complete lack of movement and verbal behavior .
In a plant ’s male reproductive organs , development of pollen takes place in a structure known as the microsporangium ( [ link ] ) .
Visible light passes and is bent through the lens system to enable the user to see the specimen .
Wetlands are different from lakes because wetlands are shallow bodies of water whereas lakes vary in depth .
Within the cell , where does energy to power such reactions come from ?
Five years later , the Court did it again , convincing many that the country may be witnessing the beginning of a rollback in Congress ’s power to regulate in the states .
5811 .
All the funds deposited are mingled in one big pool , which is then loaned out .
The economy is in equilibrium but with less than full employment , as shown at Y1 in the [ link ] .
2100 .
5058 .
6775 .
As a result , the attrition rates , or reduction in the number of research participants due to dropouts , in longitudinal studies are quite high and increases over the course of a project .
Other individuals might voluntarily seek treatment .
The first discovered was “ ordinary ” beta decay and is called β− β− size 12 { β rSup { size 8 { - { } } } } { } decay or electron emission .
6972 .
Frogs are amphibians that belong to the order Anura ( [ link ] ) .
6621 .
For example , many cell phones , laptops , video games , and power tools and small appliances have a transformer built into their plug - in unit ( like that in [ link ] ) that changes 120 V or 240 V AC into whatever voltage the device uses .
Psychotherapy is a psychological treatment that employs various methods to help someone overcome personal problems , or to attain personal growth .
Suburbs are the communities surrounding cities , typically close enough for a daily commute in , but far enough away to allow for more space than city living affords .
A psychological disorder is a condition characterized by abnormal thoughts , feelings , and behaviors .
The corrections system , more commonly known as the prison system , is charged with supervising individuals who have been arrested , convicted , and sentenced for a criminal offense .
The occipital lobe is located at the very back of the brain , and contains the primary visual cortex , which is responsible for interpreting incoming visual information .
Horticultural societies formed in areas where rainfall and other conditions allowed them to grow stable crops .
6240 .
1052 .
Instead , scientific research is based on empirical evidence , which is evidence that comes from direct experience , scientifically gathered data , or experimentation .
X rays lie at the high - frequency end of an atom ’s spectrum and are characteristic of the atom as well .
The next step researchers undertake is to conduct background research through a literature review , which is a review of any existing similar or related studies .
4990 .
In contrast to the instinctual i d and the rule - based superego , the ego is the rational part of our personality .
6889 .
The effective tax paid by the top 1 % of householders was 20.4 % , while the bottom two quintiles actually paid negative effective income taxes , because of provisions like the earned income tax credit .
New firms may start production , as well .
In a broadcast following the Tet Offensive in 1968 , Cronkite expressed concern that the United States was mired in a conflict that would end in a stalemate .
Some examples are Insectivora , the insect eaters ; Edentata , the toothless anteaters ; Rodentia , the rodents ; Cetacea , the aquatic mammals including whales ; Carnivora , carnivorous mammals including dogs , cats , and bears ; and Primates , which includes humans .
It consists of a variety of structures , cells , and mechanisms that serve to protect the body from invading toxins and microorganisms that can harm or damage the body ’s tissues and organs .
1211 .
The local government ’s reliance on property tax revenue can be problematic for a number of reasons .
He proposed that Congress select the executive , whose powers and authority , and even length of term of service , were left largely undefined .
Brandenburg v. Ohio , 395 U.S. 444 ( 1969 ) .
Significant energy is spent in the process of locating , attracting , and mating with the sex partner .
For instance , positively charged sodium ions and negatively charged chloride ions bond together to make crystals of sodium chloride , or table salt , creating a crystalline molecule with zero net charge .
Ethylene is associated with fruit ripening , flower wilting , and leaf fall .
The rotifers are a microscopic ( about 100 µm to 30 mm ) group of mostly aquatic organisms that get their name from the corona , a rotating , wheel - like structure that is covered with cilia at their anterior end ( [ link ] ) .
3274 .
770 .
An organ system is a higher level of organization that consists of functionally related organs .
An empathetic person makes an emotional connection with others and feels compelled to help ( Batson , 1991 ) .
It improves knee extension by reducing friction .
However , when a firm invests in new technology , the private benefits , or profits , that the firm receives are only a portion of the overall social benefits .
2688 .
2856 .
5967 .
Most important , the Kansas - Nebraska Act gave rise to the Republican Party , a new political party that attracted northern Whigs , Democrats who shunned the Kansas - Nebraska Act , members of the Free - Soil Party , and assorted abolitionists .
However , young children master language very quickly with relative ease .
The natural frequency is the frequency at which a system would oscillate if there were no driving and no damping force .
Benjamin N. Cardozo . 1921 .
Despite recent changes in laws designed to make obtaining pseudoephedrine more difficult , methamphetamine continues to be an easily accessible and relatively inexpensive drug option ( Shukla , Crump , & Chrisco , 2012 ) .
Electroreception has only been observed in aquatic or amphibious animals .
If a group of U.S. companies signed such a contract , however , it would be illegal .
Sulfur can also fall directly from the atmosphere in a process called fallout .
Finally , Article VI declared that the U.S. Constitution and any laws or treaties made in connection with that document were to supersede constitutions and laws made at the state level .
Promoters of living wage laws maintain that the minimum wage is too low to ensure a reasonable standard of living .
7014 .
Mucosa - associated lymphoid tissue ( MALT ) , illustrated in [ link ] , is a collection of lymphatic tissue that combines with epithelial tissue lining the mucosa throughout the body .
Racist attitudes and beliefs are often more insidious and harder to pin down than specific racist practices .
An oxidation reaction strips an electron from an atom in a compound , and the addition of this electron to another compound is a reduction reaction .
Tertiary consumers are carnivores that eat other carnivores .
2262 .
Synchrotron radiation has a characteristic spectrum and polarization , and can be recognized in cosmic rays , implying large - scale magnetic fields acting on energetic and charged particles in deep space . 3319 .
2518 .
5598 .
Hanna Pitkin .
4773 .
The Eighth Amendment says , in full :
Recall from the chapter Choice in a World of Scarcity that a country has a comparative advantage when a good can be produced at a lower cost in terms of other goods .
2435 .
193 .
Once someone has been charged with a crime and indicted , the next stage in a criminal case is typically the trial itself , unless a plea bargain is reached .
A teacher might discuss Abraham Lincoln ’s childhood struggle to get an education despite the death of his mother and his family ’s poverty .
According to this formulation , no single human family origin existed , and blacks made up a race wholly separate from the white race .
In a federal system , power is divided between the federal ( or national ) government and the state governments .
Photosynthesis takes place in two sequential stages : the light - dependent reactions and the light independent - reactions .
Those who championed states ’ rights denounced the 1828 measure as the Tariff of Abominations , clear evidence that the federal government favored one region , in this case the North , over another , the South .
3863 .
Physical disorders or diseases whose symptoms are brought about or worsened by stress and emotional factors are called psychophysiological disorders .
One of the leaders of the early women ’s movement , Elizabeth Cady Stanton ( [ link ] ) , was shocked and angered when she sought to attend an 1840 antislavery meeting in London , only to learn that women would not be allowed to participate and had to sit apart from the men .
5490 .
Fall was involved in a scam that became known as the Teapot Dome scandal .
R = ΔNΔtR = ΔNΔt size 12{R= { { ΔN } over { Δt } } } { } where ΔNΔN size 12 { ΔN } { } is the number of decays that occur in time Δt Δt size 12 { Δt } { } .
The national debt refers to the total amount that the government has borrowed over time ; in contrast , the budget deficit refers to how much has been borrowed in one particular year .
Those committed to rolling back the tide of Radical Reconstruction in the South called themselves redeemers , a label that expressed their desire to redeem their states from northern control and to restore the antebellum social order whereby blacks were kept safely under the boot heel of whites .
5397 .
The mitochondria - first hypothesis proposes that mitochondria were first established in a prokaryotic host ( [ link ] b ) , which subsequently acquired a nucleus , by fusion or other mechanisms , to become the first eukaryotic cell .
Just before the coding region is the transcriptional start site .
Hoping to prevent conflict with Indian tribes in the Ohio Valley , Parliament passed the Proclamation of 1763 , which forbade the colonists to purchase land or settle west of the Appalachian Mountains .
Two powerful Republican leaders attempted to control the president .
3699 .
Here , E0 E0 size 12 { E rSub { size 8 { 0 } } } { } is the ground - state energy n = 1 n = 1 size 12 { left ( n = 1 right ) } { } for hydrogen Z = 1 Z = 1 size 12 { left ( Z = 1 right ) } { } and is given by E0 = 2 π 2 qe 4 me k 2 h 2 = 13.6 e V .
5850 .
A second layer of parietal pleura lines the interior of the thorax ( [ link ] ) .
Negative ions are formed by gaining electrons and are called anions .
In some nemertine species , a pilidium larva may develop inside the young worm , from a series of imaginal discs .
All other phenotypes or genotypes are considered variants of this standard , meaning that they deviate from the wild type .
Much of the persuasion we experience comes from outside forces .
Both , however , were living in Texas .
601 .
When the airline industry was being regulated , for example , it suggested appointees to the regulatory board , sent lobbyists to argue with the board , provided most of the information on which the board made decisions , and offered well - paid jobs to at least some of the people leaving the board .
Whereas compact bone tissue forms the outer layer of all bones , spongy bone or cancellous bone forms the inner layer of all bones .
For example , the Eighth Amendment prohibits the application of “ cruel and unusual punishments ” to those convicted of crimes , a limitation on government power .
1620 .
If this mechanism fails , multiple sperm can fuse with the egg , resulting in polyspermy .
Following the 2000 presidential election , when then - governor George W. Bush won by a single electoral vote and with over half a million fewer individual votes than his challenger , astonished voters called for Electoral College reform .
3209 .
Some of these might be charter schools , institutions funded by local tax monies in much the same way as public schools , but able to accept private donations and exempt from some of the rules public schools must follow .
Some of the moderately distant galaxies , and hence among the younger , are known as quasars and emit as much or more energy than a normal galaxy but from a region less than a light year across .
These ancestral memories , which Jung called archetypes , are represented by universal themes in various cultures , as expressed through literature , art , and dreams ( Jung ) .
Clathrates are frozen chunks of ice and methane found at the bottom of the ocean .
5229 .
Unlike in a monarchy , members of an oligarchy do not necessarily achieve their statuses based on ties to noble ancestry .
2887 .
Note that when many alleles exist for the same gene , the convention is to denote the most common phenotype or genotype among wild animals as the wild type ( often abbreviated “ + ” ) ; this is considered the standard or norm .
This is known as the lender of last resort role .
This version relates to a concept called entropy .
“ Incumbent Advantage , ” http://www.opensecrets.org/overview/incumbs.php?cycle=2014 ( May 15 , 2016 ) .
6682 .
Employing several thousand Americans on a project that Roosevelt envisioned as a template for future regional redevelopment , the TVA revitalized a river valley that landowners had badly over - farmed , leaving behind eroded soil that lacked essential nutrients for future farming .
The stalk that extends from the stem to the base of the leaf is the petiole .
Contour feathers are the feathers found on the body , and they help reduce drag produced by wind resistance during flight .
For example , Texas governor Greg Abbott made headlines in 2015 for writing to the CEO of General Electric ( GE ) , urging the company to relocate its corporate headquarters from Connecticut , which had just raised its corporate tax rate , to Texas . Patrick Svitek , “ Abbott Tries Wooing General Electric to Texas , ” The Texas Tribune , 10 June 2015 . https://www.texastribune.org/2015/06/10/abbott-looks-woo-general-electric-connecticut/ .
Look at how each economic event affects each market , one event at a time , holding all else constant .
Most organizations of any size have developed sexual harassment policies that define sexual harassment ( or harassment in general ) and the procedures the organization has set in place to prevent and address it when it does occur .
For those who were not of the highly respected “ old money , ” but only recently obtained their riches through business ventures , the relief they sought came in the form of one book — the annual Social Register .
American Bar Association Coalition for Justice . 2008 .
Presidents also further developed the concept of executive privilege , the right to withhold information from Congress , the judiciary , or the public .
Unicellular organisms , such as bacteria and yeast , naturally produce clones of themselves when they replicate asexually by binary fission ; this is known as cellular cloning .
It enables an organism to detect and receive information about danger , such as an approaching predator , and to participate in communal exchanges like those concerning territories or mating .
4524 .
Often these people were kept in windowless dungeons , beaten , chained to their beds , and had little to no contact with caregivers .
Although these types of offenses rarely receive the same amount of media coverage as street crimes , they can be far more damaging .
Rotational movement is the movement of a bone as it rotates around its longitudinal axis .
Although people who leak secret information to the media can still be prosecuted and punished , this does not generally extend to reporters and news outlets that pass that information on to the public .
Formation of the FtsZ ring triggers the accumulation of other proteins that work together to recruit new membrane and cell wall materials to the site .
The sister chromatids are still tightly attached to each other by cohesin proteins .
In the summer of 1819 , James Long , a planter from Natchez , Mississippi , became a filibuster , or a private , unauthorized military adventurer , when he led three hundred men on an expedition across the Sabine River to take control of Texas .
The most prominent sulcus , known as the longitudinal fissure , is the deep groove that separates the brain into two halves or hemispheres : the left hemisphere and the right hemisphere .
3625 .
7059 .
4600 .
Like Jamestown , Plymouth occupies an iconic place in American national memory .
This type of mimicry is extremely rare and more difficult to understand than the previous two types .
Infected cells are identified and destroyed by natural killer ( NK ) cells , lymphocytes that can kill cells infected with viruses or tumor cells ( abnormal cells that uncontrollably divide and invade other tissue ) .
The second column shows the trade balance .
Several individuals ( e.g. , Freud and Maslow ) that we have already discussed in our historical overview of psychology , and the American psychologist Gordon Allport , contributed to early theories of personality .
Structurally , however , gap junctions and plasmodesmata differ .
6256 .
The reexamination of past cases through DNA evidence has revealed dozens in which people were wrongfully executed .
This type of communion might be experienced when people are pray or meditate .
6340 .
Human factors psychology is the study of how workers interact with the tools of work and how to design those tools to optimize workers ’ productivity , safety , and health .
The anterior pituitary gland , or adenohypophysis , is surrounded by a capillary network that extends from the hypothalamus , down along the infundibulum , and to the anterior pituitary .
This is sometimes called a cross section , and , if the transverse cut is at an angle , it is called an oblique plane .
Ray tracing is the technique of determining or following ( tracing ) the paths that light rays take .
As noted in Temperature , Kinetic Theory , and the Gas Laws , heat is often confused with temperature .
Probably the most extreme version of this potential dynamic occurred during the Eisenhower presidency .
PV PV size 12 { ital " PV " } { } diagrams .
5090 .
To make this purchase of a U.S. firm , InBev would have to supply euros ( the currency of Belgium ) to the foreign exchange market and demand U.S. dollars .
A system in unstable equilibrium accelerates away from its equilibrium position if displaced even slightly .
Creel employed artists , speakers , writers , and filmmakers to develop a propaganda machine .
4201 .
It answers the question , “ How many inputs do I need to produce shoes in Mexico ? ”
4193 .
The human heart beats over 100,000 times per day .
Autism spectrum disorder ( ASD ) is a neurodevelopmental disorder .
2122 .
A confederate is a person who is aware of the experiment and works for the researcher .
4165 .
Obstructive sleep apnea occurs when an individual ’s airway becomes blocked during sleep , and air is prevented from entering the lungs .
The term amphibian loosely translates from the Greek as “ dual life , ” which is a reference to the metamorphosis that many frogs and salamanders undergo and their mixture of aquatic and terrestrial environments in their life cycle .
2862 .
This section covers some of the more important quantum numbers and rules — all of which apply in chemistry , material science , and far beyond the realm of atomic physics , where they were first discovered .
The following Clear It Up feature is a must - read on how the CPI is comprised and calculated .
2406 .
Indeed , by the time of the Corwin amendment ’s passage through Congress , Confederate forces in the Deep South had already begun to take over federal forts .
Burgers cost $ 2 each , and bus tickets are 50 cents each .
The following Work It Out feature steps you through calculating comparative advantage for the wheat and cloth traded between the United States and Great Britain in the 1800s .
The correct formula for one - dimensional relativistic velocity addition is
The fuel mix has changed over the years but now is dominated by oil , although natural gas and solar contributions are increasing .
4040 .
7013 .
Generally , it is the real value that is more important .
2509 .
His name was Fred Korematsu , and he decided to go into hiding in California rather than be taken to the internment camps with his family .
This happy consensus , however , did not last .
3627 .
This shape decreases the drag on the body as it moves through water and allows the animal to swim at high speeds .
In free association , the patient relaxes and then says whatever comes to mind at the moment .
M1 money supply includes those monies that are very liquid such as cash , checkable ( demand ) deposits , and traveler ’s checks M2 money supply is less liquid in nature and includes M1 plus savings and time deposits , certificates of deposits , and money market funds .
The framers of the Constitution believed they faced much more pressing concerns than the protection of civil rights and liberties , most notably keeping the fragile union together in the light of internal unrest and external threats .
One of the ways is through framing : the creation of a narrative , or context , for a news story .
Plant tissue systems fall into one of two general types : meristematic tissue , and permanent ( or non - meristematic ) tissue .
Others agreed to negotiate for significant territorial gains , as Thomas Jefferson did when he oversaw the purchase of Louisiana from France .
Now blood vessels grow , forming the placenta .
Thirty years later , Joseph Wolpe ( 1958 ) refined Jones ’s techniques , giving us the behavior therapy technique of exposure therapy that is used today .
Anti - dumping laws block imports that are sold below the cost of production by imposing tariffs that increase the price of these imports to reflect their cost of production .
Many wanted to strengthen the role and authority of the national government but feared creating a central government that was too powerful .
An EST is a short STS that is identified with cDNA libraries , while SSLPs are obtained from known genetic markers and provide a link between genetic maps and physical maps . 607 .
This growth came as a result of what Johnson called his Great Society program , intended to use the power of government to relieve suffering and accomplish social good .
2104 .
This intermediate complex allows the ATP to transfer its third phosphate group , with its energy , to the substrate , a process called phosphorylation .
Modern physics itself consists of the two revolutionary theories , relativity and quantum mechanics .
This complex substance is characterized by long chains of organic molecules related to fatty acids and carotenoids : hence the yellow color of most pollen .
Water ’s high heat capacity is a property caused by hydrogen bonding among water molecules .
In hyperthyroidism , or Grave ’s disease , the thyroid secretes too much of the hormone thyroxine , causing agitation , bulging eyes , and weight loss .
Most researchers choose to survey a small sector of the population , or a sample : that is , a manageable number of subjects who represent a larger population .
An analytical model is an ecosystem model that is created using simple mathematical formulas to predict the effects of environmental disturbances on ecosystem structure and dynamics .
Most of the heat transfer from this fire to the observers is through infrared radiation .
2563 .
629 .
Often , psychological research projects rely on college students to serve as participants .
It is attached to the hypothalamus via a stalk called the pituitary stalk ( or infundibulum ) .
When economic times are good , banks and the financial sector are eager to lend , and people and firms are eager to borrow .
3123 .
Usually , a monarch claims the rights to the title by way of hereditary succession or as a result of some sort of divine appointment or calling .
Two cells , known as guard cells , surround each leaf stoma , controlling its opening and closing and thus regulating the uptake of carbon dioxide and the release of oxygen and water vapor .
Indeed , when the ratings are graphed , the two noticeable peaks are at 57 percent in 1998 and 84 percent in 2001 ( [ link ] ) .
Apart from αα size 12{α } { } , β β size 12 { β } { } , and γ γ size 12 { γ } { } , there are other forms of nuclear radiation as well , and these also produce ionization with similar effects .
2198 .
This boycott was then extended for over a year and overseen by union organizer E. D. Nixon .
Antielectrons are the antimatter counterpart to electrons , being nearly identical , having the same mass , spin , and so on , but having a positive charge and an electron family number of – 1 – 1 .
Medicaid ( which provides medical assistance to the indigent ) , Medicare ( which provides health insurance to the elderly and disabled ) , and school nutrition programs were created .
This is controlled by a negative feedback mechanism .
Some individuals with autism spectrum disorder , particularly those with better language and intellectual skills , can live and work independently as adults .
The theory of delegate representation assumes the politician is in office to be the voice of the people . Donald Mccrone , and James Kuklinski .
In brief , it is very common for pressure gauges to ignore atmospheric pressure — that is , to read zero at atmospheric pressure .
In this dimension , people who are high on psychoticism tend to be independent thinkers , cold , nonconformists , impulsive , antisocial , and hostile , whereas people who are high on superego control tend to have high impulse control — they are more altruistic , empathetic , cooperative , and conventional ( Eysenck , Eysenck & Barrett , 1985 ) .
6165 .
5136 .
“ Jurisdictions Previously Covered by Section 5 , ” http://www.justice.gov/crt/jurisdictions-previously-covered-section-5 ( November 1 , 2015 ) .
The late 1870s ushered in a new phase in the evolution of U.S. federalism .
Most circuits have more than one component , called a resistor that limits the flow of charge in the circuit .
Scott was one of the first psychologists to apply psychology to advertising , management , and personnel selection .
The extinction appears to have happened in a relatively restricted time period of 10,000 – 12,000 years ago .
Long - term depression ( LTD ) is essentially the reverse of LTP : it is a long - term weakening of a synaptic connection .
First , while citizens of these states believe smoking or consuming marijuana should be legal , the U.S. government does not .
1229 .
While the adrenal glands associated with the kidneys are major endocrine glands , the kidneys themselves also possess endocrine function .
In one , a neuron works with a sensory receptor , a cell , or cell process that is specialized to engage with and detect a specific stimulus .
Animals are bombarded with sensory information , and the sheer volume of visual information can be problematic .
3413 .
Another way to look at this is by focusing on satisfaction per dollar .
2703 .
The eIF-2 protein bound to GTP binds to the small 40S ribosomal subunit .
Mills believed the power elite use government to develop social policies that allow them to keep their wealth . 5300 .
Together , all three are known as the pericarp .
About half of the essential elements are considered macronutrients : carbon , hydrogen , oxygen , nitrogen , phosphorus , potassium , calcium , magnesium and sulfur .
5354 .
Economists like Tyler Cowen , a professor at George Mason University , are seeing more and more evidence of a widening gap between those who have access to rapidly improving technology , and those who do not .
The Tenth Amendment affirms the states ’ reserved powers : “ The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the States , are reserved to the States respectively , or to the people . ”
1917 .
Situations in which fluid flows at a constant depth are so important that this equation is often called Bernoulli ’s principle .
The correlation coefficient is usually represented by the letter r .
In deductive reasoning , ideas are tested against the empirical world ; in inductive reasoning , empirical observations lead to new ideas ( [ link ] ) .
Correlation means that there is a relationship between two or more variables ( such as ice cream consumption and crime ) , but this relationship does not necessarily imply cause and effect .
Pine cones , mature fronds of ferns , and flowers are all sporophylls — leaves that were modified structurally to bear sporangia .
In 1973 , members of the American Indian Movement ( AIM ) , a more radical group than the occupiers of Alcatraz , temporarily took over the offices of the Bureau of Indian Affairs in Washington , DC .
Most of us have played with toys involving an object supported on an elastic band , something like the paddle ball suspended from a finger in [ link ] .
Felt was nicknamed “ Deep Throat , ” and the journalists kept his identity secret until 2005 .
226 .
U.S. imports from abroad will be relatively cheaper , so the quantity of imports will rise .
Maslow ’s Hierarchy of NeedsWhile the theories of motivation described earlier relate to basic biological drives , individual characteristics , or social contexts , Abraham Maslow ( 1943 ) proposed a hierarchy of needs that spans the spectrum of motives ranging from the biological to the individual to the social .
2479 .
An even smaller group is the voting - eligible population ( VEP ) , citizens eighteen and older who , whether they have registered or not , are eligible to vote because they are citizens , mentally competent , and not imprisoned .
A typical conversation would correlate with 60 dB ; a rock concert might check in at 120 dB ( [ link ] ) .
Roughly speaking , mass is a measure of the amount of “ stuff ” ( or matter ) in something .
Because all thirteen states had to agree to any alteration of the Articles , the convention in Annapolis could not accomplish its goal .
5895 .
These measures of foreign policy are more quickly enacted and demonstrate the “ energy and dispatch ” that Alexander Hamilton , writing in the Federalist Papers , saw as inherent in the institution of the presidency .
This means that the upward force on the bottom of an object in a fluid is greater than the downward force on the top of the object .
5972 .
During the war , all the states passed confiscation acts , which gave the new revolutionary governments in the former colonies the right to seize Loyalist land and property .
Such a conflict emerged in the 2014 Supreme Court case known as Burwell v. Hobby Lobby . Burwell v. Hobby Lobby Stores , Inc. , 573 U.S. _ _ ( 2014 ) .
Two of the airplanes were flown into the twin towers of the World Trade Center in Lower Manhattan .
In other examples , better camouflage or a stronger resistance to drought might pose a selection pressure .
There are two definitions of money : M1 and M2 money supply .
These allied leaders , known as the Big Three , thrown together by the necessity to defeat common enemies , took steps towards working in concert despite their differences .
In addition , prokaryotes often have abundant plasmids , which are shorter circular DNA molecules that may only contain one or a few genes .
